ID	tname	npcid list	npc name list	°øÅëÈ®·ü	°øÅë´ë»ç	¸»Ç³¼± ´ë»ç	Min_Time	Max_Time	¾Ç´ç 1´Ü°è ´ë»çÈ®·ü	¾Ç´ç 1´Ü°è ´ë»ç	¾Ç´ç 2´Ü°è ´ë»çÈ®·ü	¾Ç´ç 2´Ü°è ´ë»ç	¾Ç´ç 3´Ü°è ´ë»çÈ®·ü	¾Ç´ç 3´Ü°è ´ë»ç
1	<Merchant> Darryl		<Merchant> Darryl	100	I'm Darryl, a merchant. I sell various merchandise to the people of Anchorville and to travelers. Being a native to this village, I have a lot of information I can share with you. So drop by from time to time. You don't always have to buy a weapon.				100	Hmm...? Now... This is a customer I really don't want to deal with.... I don't know what you need, but if you visit the Pardoner, he'll help you.	100	He... hey! I don't have anything to sell to you! He... hey!
"	100	He... hey! I don't have anything to sell to you! He... hey!
"
					I really enjoy listening to travelers' stories. Anything interesting or fun, I share with my family. Sometimes, when I hear a very long story I forget some of the information and end up getting it wrong. Actually, I'm like that in general. Hahaha!									
					Sometimes, I pass on incorrect information to travelers and get them in trouble. So when I'm asked a question, I try to be as attentive as I can. But at the spur of the moment, I accidentally spit out the wrong information. Gosh, maybe I should go see a pharmacist in the big city.									
					As a merchant, I sell all sorts of things. But I've found that too many choices tend to confuse travelers like you. So I only display main necessities like this. If there's something you need...... try suggesting it in the forum.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
2	<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Shorty		<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Shorty	100	My name...... is Shorty. I got that name because I was very small when I was born. I'm a warrior weapons merchant. Umm, I'm sure you'll figure it out, but if you're traveling here for the first time...... I'd suggest you buy some weapons from me.				100	Oh... You... Yes... I see.... What... What was that? Look around.... That's okay... but... The prices... are... not cheap....	100	What....?	100	What....?
					My hearing isn't too good and sometimes I have trouble understanding people. A lot of travelers try to cheat me...... but I'm a too quick to be fooled.									
					What? I can't hear you. Can you speak a little louder? Why did I become a warrior weapons merchant? Well, because there's lots of profit to be made. Old or new, warrior arms can be obtained in lots of different ways. Repairing and reselling them is pretty profitable. That's how I make heaps of money.									
					I used to travel a lot, too, so I understand how hard it can be. When I meet travelers like you...... I want to help. I can't give you merchandise for free, but I can give you a lot of useful information. Huh? You'd like to hear some now? ...... Well, I don't have anything useful to tell you right now.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
3	<Archer Weapons Merchant> White		<Archer Weapons Merchant> White	100	I'm White and I'm an archer weapons merchant in this village. Armor and weapons are sold separately in the big cities. But in small towns like this, we sell them together. That doesn't mean they're inferior in quality though. Take a look.				100	Huh... I shouldn't sell anything to you. But since I'm not innocent either I can't just ignore you. But that doesn't mean that I approve of you. The Pardoner will help you with your sins.	100	I spent time with humans. But the blood of righteousness still runs in my veins. I don't have anything to sell to you.	100	I spent time with humans. But the blood of righteousness still runs in my veins. I don't have anything to sell to you.
					White doesn't sound like an Elf's name? No, it doesn't. I wandered into this village when I was young and was taken in by Rembrandt, the head of this village. He's like my father now. He's highly respected by the townspeople. And of course, I respect him.									
					Black, who's a warrior trainer, is Rembrandt's daughter. She and I don't get along so well. There was an unfortunate incident when we were staying in Delfaras. Since then, she really hates me. With time, we grew farther apart. I'm thinking of making up with her at some point.									
					The merchandise I sell, I get from my friend. He works as a blacksmith in Delfaras. I always wanted to be like him. But I guess we all have our own place...... I just ended up getting into trouble in the city and came here. I'm always grateful to my father for saving me from that life.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
4	<Magic Weapons Merchant> Paula		<Magic Weapons Merchant> Paula	100	(coughs) I'm Paula, the magic weapons merchant. I used to be healthy, but fell ill after getting pneumonia when I was young. So now, I'm always coughing. I've never left this village in my life, but someday I will do, and I'll see the world.				100	Argh... Uh... Cough, cough! Hmm... Hmm. Wha... what does someone like you want here? Cough, cough! Items... cough! You can buy them. But very they're ex... cough! Expensive... Cough, cough, cough... Cough!	100	Cough, cough, cough...	100	Cough, cough, cough...
					People say I have weak 'chi', or life energy. I don't know what the difference is between having weak 'chi' and having a weak body. Well, because of this, I've been looked down upon since I was young. Oh, this is depressing. (coughs) I wish this coughing would stop. (coughs)									
					To be honest, I was dumped by someone I love. (coughs) The reason is because I'm not diligent. I took a lot of days off because I was sick. Well, I realized it was affecting my image...... and I've been working hard on it ever since. I plan to become healthy and try harder in the future. You can do it, too! (coughs)									
					Why did I become a magic weapons merchant? Oh, hehe. (coughs) W-well, you might laugh when you hear this, but I wanted to find a magic potion that would cure me. I figured I could find the right potion if I met different merchants. (coughs) But I guess there's no potion that can completely cure an old illness.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
5	<Warrior Trainer> Black		<Warrior Trainer> Black	100	My name is Black and I'm a warrior trainer. Have you met White? Are you close with her? Then I have nothing much to say to you. White and I are enemies. She's an elf and I'm a human. It's a family issue between two different races. I don't want to talk about it.				100	I can make you stronger, but first you should go and meet the Pardoner. If you're done here, please be on your way.	100	I don't want to help anyone like you to get stronger.	100	I don't want to help anyone like you to get stronger.
					I lived in Delfaras for a long time. I have no special attachment to this small village. Yes, my father lives here, but this town is too small to fulfill my big dreams. Delfaras is entirely different from here. I wanted to learn new things that match up to my potential, but...... For now, I'm just a warrior trainer in this village.									
					Why do I hate White? She's been a troublemaker since she was young. She got into plenty of trouble when we were in Delfaras. I ended up being 'the older sister of a troublemaker' and had to leave Delfaras. The only reason she was released is because my father has ties with the mayor of Delfaras. That's why I despise her.									
					At lower levels, you can't use your skills. It's just like giving a child a complex toy. This rule also applies to my skills even though I'm a novice skills trainer. Remember, it takes a lot of effort to learn even the most basic-looking skills. Undermine this rule and you'll get hurt									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
6	<Archer Trainer> Terran		<Archer Trainer> Terran	100	I'm Terran, the Archer Trainer. I'm an excellent master, if I may say so myself, and I also offer various information useful to traveling archers. Many of my past students have now become respectable archers. Ehem. Do you wish to learn from me, too? It's 'eat or be eaten in this world'! Learn from me and become strong enough to survive! Yes, indeed!				100	Hmm! The strong prey on the weak in this world, and you're living proof of that. I'm afraid you might use the skills I teach you for something else. If you insist, I can teach you. But you need to remember that your way is the wrong way! Hmm! Hmm!	100	Ha! You... I cannot teach.	100	Ha! You... I cannot teach.
					Ah... yes. Most people have both friends and foes in this village. Sure, there are people like that, but I'm sure lots of people don't see eye to eye with me but it doesn't matter because it's 'kill or be killed' in this world! Ehem. The weak can say what they want, but it won't matter.									
					An archer's skill mainly lies in his/her ability to focus, just like a sorcerer. At the same time, you need to have strength in your steps just like a warrior. Ehem! Archers are the best suited for surviving in this dog eat dog world! Strength determines everything!									
					Attacking from far away definitely has its advantages. You can kill the enemy before he/she gets to you. Don't get cocky though - if your enemy has the same ability, you could go down first. Hm! I guess it is natural that the weak perish first. After all, strength is everything!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
7	<Magic Trainer> Jin Tonik		<Magic Trainer> Jin Tonik	100	I'm Jin Tonik, the magic skills trainer. Want to take me on? Let me just say that I used to be a warrior, so I know how to handle a sword, too. I also have a fast understanding of my opponent's weapon, so watch out! I can be as wild as a bronco. Haha.				100	Hey... Are you here to mess with me? Eh? No? You really don't seem like the peaceful type. I could teach you some skills, but you don't seem like a good person!	100	Eh? What's wrong with you?	100	Eh? What's wrong with you?
					The world of magic is rotten. Sorcerers are more concerned with obtaining good magic books and nice clothes than studying different types of magic and finding ways to hone their abilities. That's why I don't bother to attend any magician gatherings.									
					There are always people you don't like even in a small village like this. I really hate Holly, the Safe Keeper. Why?? Because she's flippant! Everyone is entitled to their own way of thinking. But I just can't stand it that she's my neighbor!									
					If a sorcerer is powerful, warriors will fall even before they approach him. Oh, that brings back a painful memory. I gave up being a warrior and became a sorcerer because of this one guy... the magician that handed me my first defeat. I can't wait to see him again.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
8	<Safe Keeper> Holly		<Safe Keeper> Holly	100	Hi, I'm Holly and I'm a safe keeper. I'm originally from a big city far away. I used to be rich because my father was a big merchant. But I got hooked on gambling and ended up broke. I was hounded by creditors and fled all the way here.				100	I don't want to store your stuff. But I'll do it anyway.	100	Just tell me what you need and get out.	100	Just tell me what you need and get out.
					The first reason I like Anchorville is because it's surrounded by mountains and has such a peaceful atmosphere. The sunset view from the western coastline is magnificent. Secluding myself in such a beautiful environment allows me to forget about gambling... Oh, my. What was I saying? Hehe.									
					I like travelers because they tell you a lot of interesting stories. Lately, there's been much talk about the Archons amongst the travelers. Rumors about the Archons and the Archlord have been around for a while. Maybe it's a sign that something is about to happen?									
					Even if I wanted to, I wouldn't go to the big city because it's full of gamblers. I've had it with gambling. But I admit just hearing the word makes my heart pound. I must be weak-willed. At this rate, I might be stuck here forever.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
9	<Blacksmith> Halo		<Blacksmith> Halo	100	I'm Halo, a blacksmith. My family's been in the blacksmith trade for generations in this village. The trade is originally passed onto the eldest son, but my brothers all left for the big city to pursue their dreams. So I ended up taking on the trade. I don't blame them too much. But, I do have my own dreams...				100	You're here to fix a weapon? Well, since you gave me money, I'll help.... Argh... This should do, so get out of here!	100	Zzz... Zzz... Eh? Argh! You scared me...! I won't sell someone of your standing anything!	100	Zzz... Zzz... Eh? Argh! You scared me...! I won't sell someone of your standing anything!
					Falling asleep too often is one of my weak points. Sometimes, I'll be standing like this and...zz...zz doze off, or, so they tell me. It really is a bad habit. It's definitely not good... zzz ... zzz...									
					Have you heard of the metal deonite? According to legend, it's been around since the birth of Chantra. It doesn't exist anywhere else and appears only under the permission of the Elementals. Weapons and armor made from this metal are said to be indestructible. It also increases the power of your soul when you wear it, allowing you to destroy your enemy in one blow.									
					Some travelers complain about having to pay for me to make a 'Link of Agreement.' They should know I'm putting in a lot more effort and energy than usual. It's actually cheap considering the labor involved. Will you resent me, too, when you want a 'Ring of Agreement?'									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
10	<Item Trader> Fotherbee		<Item Trader> Fotherbee	100	I'm Sotherby, I'm a licensed Items Trader. There are several reasons to befriend me. I always have a large inventory of items sold to me by different people and I quickly have them ready for travelers to buy.				100	Ah... You scared me.... Wha... what... do you want? What? Ah... You want to buy items...? Ah... Okay... Sulk, sulk...	100	I'm... I'm sorry, but I cannot trade with you!	100	I'm... I'm sorry, but I cannot trade with you!
					I hate that this world is full of wars, fights and violence. I'm afflicted with a weak body and a small heart, in fact, I faint at the drop of a hat. You travelers scare me as well, but I'm doing my best to hide it.									
					Be prudent when you choose to buy items. Without general knowledge of market prices, you'll get taken advantage of. How much you save will determine a lot of things down the road. Remember, keep close tabs on your finances.									
					Good merchandise always has a price. If a weapon you've obtained isn't suitable for your class or if you feel that you need a better weapon, bring all your old weapons to me.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
11	<Alchemist> Bios		<Alchemist> Bios	100	I'm Bios, an alchemist. Should anyone ask me to turn things into gold, I will turn them into gold! My chosen vocation is no mean feat!				100	I'm Bios, an alchemist. Should anyone ask me to turn things into gold, I will turn them into gold! My chosen vocation is no mean feat!	100	I'm Bios, an alchemist. Should anyone ask me to turn things into gold, I will turn them into gold! My chosen vocation is no mean feat!	100	I'm Bios, an alchemist. Should anyone ask me to turn things into gold, I will turn them into gold! My chosen vocation is no mean feat!
					My main job is creating value out of useless things. I create something out of nothing. That's why alchemists are so extraordinary!					My main job is creating value out of useless things. I create something out of nothing. That's why alchemists are so extraordinary!		My main job is creating value out of useless things. I create something out of nothing. That's why alchemists are so extraordinary!		My main job is creating value out of useless things. I create something out of nothing. That's why alchemists are so extraordinary!
					Have you heard of the Stone and Sword Society? It's the official name of the alchemists' society. But the name's too long, so we just call it the 'Society.' A certain level of reputation is required to become a member, but that's not so easy, working in such a small village. But, I don't really pay that sort of thing much attention.					Have you heard of the Stone and Sword Society? It's the official name of the alchemists' society. But the name's too long, so we just call it the 'Society.' A certain level of reputation is required to become a member, but that's not so easy, working in such a small village. But, I don't really pay that sort of thing much attention.		Have you heard of the Stone and Sword Society? It's the official name of the alchemists' society. But the name's too long, so we just call it the 'Society.' A certain level of reputation is required to become a member, but that's not so easy, working in such a small village. But, I don't really pay that sort of thing much attention.		Have you heard of the Stone and Sword Society? It's the official name of the alchemists' society. But the name's too long, so we just call it the 'Society.' A certain level of reputation is required to become a member, but that's not so easy, working in such a small village. But, I don't really pay that sort of thing much attention.
					Alchemy is a spiritual study. Without the proper mindset, you can easily fall prey to evil. There have been many alchemists that have brought danger to this world. But you don't have to worry about me, I don't plan on being one of those people. Haha.					Alchemy is a spiritual study. Without the proper mindset, you can easily fall prey to evil. There have been many alchemists that have brought danger to this world. But you don't have to worry about me, I don't plan on being one of those people. Haha.		Alchemy is a spiritual study. Without the proper mindset, you can easily fall prey to evil. There have been many alchemists that have brought danger to this world. But you don't have to worry about me, I don't plan on being one of those people. Haha.		Alchemy is a spiritual study. Without the proper mindset, you can easily fall prey to evil. There have been many alchemists that have brought danger to this world. But you don't have to worry about me, I don't plan on being one of those people. Haha.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
12	<Cook> Lucy		<Cook> Lucy	100	Well, I currently work as a cook. I'm Lucy, but to tell the truth, I don't really have an occupation. I came here because I like this little town. Since I want to do my share as a resident and I don't have any other skills, I work as a cook. Luckily, travelers like my food, so I don't have too many problems making ends meet.				100	Well, I currently work as a cook. I'm Lucy, but to tell the truth, I don't really have an occupation. I came here because I like this little town. Since I want to do my share as a resident and I don't have any other skills, I work as a cook. Luckily, travelers like my food, so I don't have too many problems making ends meet.	100	Well, I currently work as a cook. I'm Lucy, but to tell the truth, I don't really have an occupation. I came here because I like this little town. Since I want to do my share as a resident and I don't have any other skills, I work as a cook. Luckily, travelers like my food, so I don't have too many problems making ends meet.	100	Well, I currently work as a cook. I'm Lucy, but to tell the truth, I don't really have an occupation. I came here because I like this little town. Since I want to do my share as a resident and I don't have any other skills, I work as a cook. Luckily, travelers like my food, so I don't have too many problems making ends meet.
					I like this village because it's peaceful. The neighboring city of Delfaras is quite grim and depressing. Things have become worse since all this talk about the Archlord has spread throughout the city. Chantra has been blessed by the Elementals, but behind it lies a dark shadow.					I like this village because it's peaceful. The neighboring city of Delfaras is quite grim and depressing. Things have become worse since all this talk about the Archlord has spread throughout the city. Chantra has been blessed by the Elementals, but behind it lies a dark shadow.		I like this village because it's peaceful. The neighboring city of Delfaras is quite grim and depressing. Things have become worse since all this talk about the Archlord has spread throughout the city. Chantra has been blessed by the Elementals, but behind it lies a dark shadow.		I like this village because it's peaceful. The neighboring city of Delfaras is quite grim and depressing. Things have become worse since all this talk about the Archlord has spread throughout the city. Chantra has been blessed by the Elementals, but behind it lies a dark shadow.
					Cooking largely depends on your attitude. You can't always cook with the finest ingredients so travelers like you can access various foods such as animal meat or fruit whilst out in the world. If you use your head a little, you can make a pretty good meal.					Cooking largely depends on your attitude. You can't always cook with the finest ingredients so travelers like you can access various foods such as animal meat or fruit whilst out in the world. If you use your head a little, you can make a pretty good meal.		Cooking largely depends on your attitude. You can't always cook with the finest ingredients so travelers like you can access various foods such as animal meat or fruit whilst out in the world. If you use your head a little, you can make a pretty good meal.		Cooking largely depends on your attitude. You can't always cook with the finest ingredients so travelers like you can access various foods such as animal meat or fruit whilst out in the world. If you use your head a little, you can make a pretty good meal.
					If you eat during your travels you will feel more energetic. That energy may not last for long, but it can come in handy when utilized at the right moment. I have no need to fight, so I've never used my cooking in that manner.					If you eat during your travels you will feel more energetic. That energy may not last for long, but it can come in handy when utilized at the right moment. I have no need to fight, so I've never used my cooking in that manner.		If you eat during your travels you will feel more energetic. That energy may not last for long, but it can come in handy when utilized at the right moment. I have no need to fight, so I've never used my cooking in that manner.		If you eat during your travels you will feel more energetic. That energy may not last for long, but it can come in handy when utilized at the right moment. I have no need to fight, so I've never used my cooking in that manner.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
13	<Adventurer> Kauman		<Adventurer> Kauman	100	I'm Kauman, an adventurer. My job is to teach travelers how to remove the meat and skins from monsters that they've hunted down. Frankly, I have no wish to settle in this village. I want to leave as soon as possible, but I haven't decided on a destination. So, don't be surprised should I disappear one day.				100	I'm Kauman, an adventurer. My job is to teach travelers how to remove the meat and skins from monsters that they've hunted down. Frankly, I have no wish to settle in this village. I want to leave as soon as possible, but I haven't decided on a destination. So, don't be surprised should I disappear one day.	100	I'm Kauman, an adventurer. My job is to teach travelers how to remove the meat and skins from monsters that they've hunted down. Frankly, I have no wish to settle in this village. I want to leave as soon as possible, but I haven't decided on a destination. So, don't be surprised should I disappear one day.	100	I'm Kauman, an adventurer. My job is to teach travelers how to remove the meat and skins from monsters that they've hunted down. Frankly, I have no wish to settle in this village. I want to leave as soon as possible, but I haven't decided on a destination. So, don't be surprised should I disappear one day.
					There are rumors that I'm lazy, but it's not true. Isn't laziness relative? You shouldn't call me lazy just because you're diligent. I do leave my work to others now and then, but it's only due to personal reasons.					There are rumors that I'm lazy, but it's not true. Isn't laziness relative? You shouldn't call me lazy just because you're diligent. I do leave my work to others now and then, but it's only due to personal reasons.		There are rumors that I'm lazy, but it's not true. Isn't laziness relative? You shouldn't call me lazy just because you're diligent. I do leave my work to others now and then, but it's only due to personal reasons.		There are rumors that I'm lazy, but it's not true. Isn't laziness relative? You shouldn't call me lazy just because you're diligent. I do leave my work to others now and then, but it's only due to personal reasons.
					Obtaining meat or hides from a monster requires a lot of skill. But you'll find that your skill grows over time and your ability to use that skill will increase. When that time comes, it's a real rush!					Obtaining meat or hides from a monster requires a lot of skill. But you'll find that your skill grows over time and your ability to use that skill will increase. When that time comes, it's a real rush!		Obtaining meat or hides from a monster requires a lot of skill. But you'll find that your skill grows over time and your ability to use that skill will increase. When that time comes, it's a real rush!		Obtaining meat or hides from a monster requires a lot of skill. But you'll find that your skill grows over time and your ability to use that skill will increase. When that time comes, it's a real rush!
					It's been about 10 years since I've known Terran. We connect in many ways. We're both good at archery, love meat dishes, like to drink and we both have big hearts. But he has more of a wild spirit while I have more of a pure one. Hm... But, I suppose from the outside we look no different.					It's been about 10 years since I've known Terran. We connect in many ways. We're both good at archery, love meat dishes, like to drink and we both have big hearts. But he has more of a wild spirit while I have more of a pure one. Hm... But, I suppose from the outside we look no different.		It's been about 10 years since I've known Terran. We connect in many ways. We're both good at archery, love meat dishes, like to drink and we both have big hearts. But he has more of a wild spirit while I have more of a pure one. Hm... But, I suppose from the outside we look no different.		It's been about 10 years since I've known Terran. We connect in many ways. We're both good at archery, love meat dishes, like to drink and we both have big hearts. But he has more of a wild spirit while I have more of a pure one. Hm... But, I suppose from the outside we look no different.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
14	<Merchant> Bleth		<Merchant> Bleth	100	I'm Bleth, a Merchant. The people of Delfaras have deep respect for me. I guess I am highly knowledgeable thanks to my travels. Hehe. Hehehehe. Get to know me well and I'll help you survive in the city. Hahahaha.				100	Ohohohoho... Now that's... a customer I don't want to deal with.... Hohoho. Even if others don't want to trade with you, I'll sell items to you. I'm generous like that! I'm quite knowledgeable, so let me give you some advice. Go and see the Pardoner!	100	Ho... hohoho! I'm a generous person but... I don't have anything to sell to you! Hoho!	100	Ho... hohoho! I'm a generous person but... I don't have anything to sell to you! Hoho!
					My nickname is the 'Walking Abacus.' I can add, subtract, multiply and divide numbers without any device, so it obviously means I'm smart. People are jealous of my intellect. It just shows how narrow-minded they are. Being jealous of my talent won't do anything to make them any better. Give me a break...									
					Sometimes, I wonder why people call us general merchants. General merchants must sell everything, as the name implies. But we only sell a limited number of items, mostly for travelers. So realistically, we can't call ourselves Merchants. I want to sell merchandise that the people of Delfaras will need.									
					I'm sure you know, there are three influential merchants associations here in Delfaras. You have to keep all of them happy if you want to sell anything around here. They say charity begins at home. Humans are obviously part of the Humanus group. I'm one of them.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
15	<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Panux		<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Panux	100	I'm Panux and I'm a warrior weapons merchant. I used to be a swift warrior... I could hunt in the woods and on the plains better than anybody. But I hurt my left arm because of a sly monster and ended up selling weapons. Sometimes I get down about my situation, but I guess it could be worse.				100	When I was still a knight, I used to teach those like you a lesson.... Ah, but now my arm won't let me anymore, even if I wanted to.... It seems you should go and visit the Pardoner.	100	I said I'm busy talking to the kids! So please go away now!	100	I said I'm busy talking to the kids! So please go away now!
					People like my music... I may look a little ugly, but people seem to start dancing once I start playing, and telling some funny stories.									
					Writing biographies is popular these days, so I'm thinking of writing one as well. I am a man of literary prowess and my hope is to include an episode about the Archlord or the Archons in my biography. It's not so much that I want to be the Archlord, but I do hope one of the travelers I meet becomes one.									
					Registering a skill onto an Action Bar is quite easy. Just drag the item icon from your inventory and drop it onto an available slot. Drop it exactly in the spot you want and it will take its place. To use an item, place your mouse onto the Action Bar slot and click the right mouse button or press the shortcut key.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
16	<Warrior Armor Merchant> Alph		<Warrior Armor Merchant> Alph	100	I'm Alph, a warrior armor merchant. I became a warrior with hopes of wearing the armor of the Tullan guards. But I realized heavy weapons and armor are too much for women. So here I am dealing armor with my business skills. But, someday, I'm going to be wearing that armor.				100	Are you here to buy armor? So people like you wear armor, too...? Ah, I just thought you didn't value life much.... You seem to value at least yours. That's quite ironic.	100	I'm not selling to someone who hurts others.	100	I'm not selling to someone who hurts others.
					This armor I'm wearing? I'm wearing it because I like it. It doesn't help much in battle. I at least feel like I'm a guard while standing like this. Go on. Laugh all you like. I like it and that's all that matters. Warriors who pass through Delfaras need me if they want to continue their journey. So people can't look down on me too much.									
					Like most merchants in Delfaras, I belong to one of the three merchants associations. Humans are part of the Humanus association, right? I'm quite high up in the association, but I personally don't like it. Why should you be at a disadvantage if you're not part of the association? The friction between the merchant associations is quite tiresome. I wish someone would take care of the problem.									
					My hometown is very far away. It's not Tullan nor Delfaras, but very far away. It's a small village, very different from the culture in these big cities. The people there didn't seem to mind it that much, but it was too small for me. So I moved here. But I do get homesick sometimes.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
17	<Archer Weapons Merchant> Carea		<Archer Weapons Merchant> Carea	100	Hey...... Hi. I'm Carea and I sell bows. I used to engrave designs on bows, then became interested in the bows themselves. So here I am selling them. I collect them as a hobby as well, but I don't know how to use them. Not only bows, I don't like weapons that much. Why not? Because they're scary. I really don't like fighting.				100	Hah... Eh? Why am I sighing? Because I'm worried that I might have to sell something to you. Why am I worried about that? Let's see.... Take a good look at yourself. Then you'll know why I worry.	100	Ha... Please go away.	100	Ha... Please go away.
					I have a broken heart from a recent break-up. Oh...... He doesn't like me too much. He likes a strong woman and thinks all elves should know how to shoot a bow but the thought of learning how to use a weapon just to win his heart makes me uncomfortable. How can I say that when I collect bows though? Well, collecting them and using them are two completely different things.									
					The types of weapons an archer can use are generally divided into bows and crossbows. Crossbows are powerful and can shoot from long distances, but take some time to load. Normal bows can be loaded faster, but have less power. Speed or Power. Think which suits you better and make a decision based upon that.									
					Use a bow for a long time and the string or the bow itself will break, just like any weapon. But what's worse is when you run out of bolts or arrows. Consistently checking how many arrows you have is very important. Run out of arrows in the middle of a fight and you're as good as dead.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
18	<Archer Armor Merchant> Dalpherin		<Archer Armor Merchant> Dalpherin	100	Carea and I are very close, so close that I followed her when she left the village. I also put beautiful designs on armor and ended up becoming an Archer Armor merchant as well, just like her. Y-yes. I always try to stock better items than her, but I'm not as well known as she is. Someday, I'll do better...				100	What a surprise. People who hurt other people buy armor for themselves. But sure, everyone values their own life. Eh? What did I say? Oh, it was just a joke. A joke...? It embarrasses me that you really think that.	100	You don't want to buy anything from me, do you?	100	You don't want to buy anything from me, do you?
					Carea's no fun because she has no humor. I understand the humor of other clans and find them funny but I wonder why she's always in the limelight in important situations. Huh? Her personality? S-stop kidding me, o-okay! Let me tell you a joke, what does a deer do when it wants to hear music? It plays its horns! Now, isn't that funny?									
					I have another one... A camel appeared in the desert. But it didn't have any water. So how did the camel cross the desert? It cut its own humps and drank the water from them. Huh? There's fat inside the humps? Oh... F-fat is kind of nasty, but I guess I'll have to change the punch line to 'It drank its own fat.'									
					An archer's armor was originally meant for hiding oneself, it's more for camoflauge rather than protection, but the armor is changing these days. With weak defensive abilities, archers need protective armor to survive during battle, as a result, continuous research is being done to find strong, yet light materials.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
19	<Magic Weapons Merchant> Panareth		<Magic Weapons Merchant> Panareth	100	I'm Paranes, a magic weapons merchant. When it comes to magic weapons, the answer is 'Faranes, the magic weapons merchant.' Yum. A nice cup of tea always makes you feel good. I really like tea. No, I love it. Tea helps me forget all the worries in my life. Which would I choose between tea and men? Of course, tea!				100	I like poetry. You look so lonely.... You face gives away how ridden with guilt you are. So please go and get help from the Pardoner.	100	I'll go and drink a glass of my new tea. So please be on your way.	100	I'll go and drink a glass of my new tea. So please be on your way.
					Do you want to hear something? On my way home last night, I saw that the moon had fallen into a well. I went closer and found it was only a reflection of the moon. The well was so clean and clear and the moon, so round and bright. It sounds like poetry doesn't it?									
					Panux knows me quite well because we're neighbors. Are we close? Well... We don't have anyone else to depend on. Haha. But I do wish he'd stop nagging me. He's free to disagree with my lifestyle, but I wish he would just keep it to himself.									
					My wish is to travel around the world and try all different types of tea. No two teas are ever alike. Even the same tea is going to taste different depending on if it's cold or warm. It's just like how the world goes around.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
20	<Magic Armor Merchant> Garnier		<Magic Armor Merchant> Garnier	100	I'm Garnier and I'm a magic armor merchant. I made all the armor in my shop. I always sell the best quality armor to my customers! It'd be great if a famous hero wore my armor, but I need more experience in order to make such a brilliant piece. Do you have what it takes to be a hero? Do you?				100	I'm afraid my reputation will be ruined if you wear my armor. I made this myself.... If you buy it... Well, I hope you won't buy anything.... But if you do, please don't tell anyone I made it.	100	I have to go and make new armor. Eh? How long have you been here? How annoying....	100	I have to go and make new armor. Eh? How long have you been here? How annoying....
					Oh, the weather is really nice today. The sky is always clear and beautiful in Delfaras. White clouds against a blue sky and the blue ocean against white mountains. No city could be more picturesque! Huh? H-how long have you been staring at me?									
					We armor merchants are very adept with metals. Our magic weapons and armor are of incomparable quality. Sorcerers cannot wear heavy armor because they're physically weak so we make our equipment light, yet strong enough to reinforce the sorcerer's defensive power when used with his magic. Of course, that doesn't mean he becomes invincible.									
					Normally, armor is made of five different pieces of metal. And so, there are specific names given to a suits of armor like these. The name holds many meanings and sometimes, the name doesn't make sense when only looking at individual pieces of the armor. You need to see it as a whole. Why do I say this? Obviously, because I personally make armor!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
21	<Warrior Trainer> Marissa		<Warrior Trainer> Marissa	100	I'm Marissa, a warrior trainer! Very few warriors in this city can defeat me. A group of 30 male warriors can't even take me down. Whatever skill it is, I guarantee I'll teach you well.				100	It's true. If you learn from me, you'll get stronger. But I don't want to teach you. Are you aware of your situation? Or are you only thinking about how famous I am? I'm worried I'll lose my good reputation if I teach you.	100	I'm not responsible for making you stronger.	100	I'm not responsible for making you stronger.
					My father's Marco. He used to be in the garrison. But I have no intention of using his status or trying to become famous because of it. We lead different lives. Only the competent are worthy of gaining fame and my father knows that quite well.									
					My father urges me to get married everyday, but I'm not interested unless I meet a warrior greater than me. Ten of his most skilled fighters challenged me, but failed to even lay their hands on me. It was so obvious that they were weak, it was because I am just too strong. But they ended up paying for it. I still feel sorry.									
					Due to the characteristics of a knight's class, a knight generally?possesses optimized skills before approaching their opponent.? But because his?range of target is very wide, he can deliver deathblows even when he is far away.? However, keep in mind that using such skills uses up your mana.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
22	<Archer Trainer> Marin		<Archer Trainer> Marin	100	I'm Marin, an archer trainer. I can't say that I'm famous, but my skill is unmatched. I never lose in a match. It's a delight to pass on my skills to another person because the stronger a fighter is, the better the chances to save one's life.				100	I enjoy teaching skills. But it depends on who I teach them to. This applies to you. Killing innocents will come back to haunt you someday. You should go and get help from the Pardoner.	100	I don't want to teach you.	100	I don't want to teach you.
					I first used a bow when I was four years old. I don't remember how, but I do remember liking the sound of the bowstring. The sound of the bowstring and the arrow when it cuts through the air is like music to my ears. I want to share this music with everyone.									
					I'm in the city, but I'm a traveler at heart. I have no family in this city nor any other. I was an orphan. Without direction from an early age, I had to learn to become an archer all by myself. Thanks to that, I've obtained the ability to make cool-headed decisions and stand my ground in any kind of situation. I like what I've become.									
					Rumors say that somewhere, there's a person who makes arrows with various special properties. If this is true, it would mean all kinds of special attacks are possible with just one arrow. If it's true, then archers might end up slacking off in their training, which pretty much means losing the spirit of an archer. Effort, no matter how much, is always necessary when you want to obtain something.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
23	<Magic Trainer> Delphin		<Magic Trainer> Delphin	100	I'm Delphin, the magic trainer. Nice to meet you. There's a lot I want to tell you. But unfortunately, there's not much time. Do you mind if I get back to my work?				100	I see.... You... want to learn skills from me? I don't really feel like teaching you.... But if I don't, you'll keep annoying me, right?	100	I don't want to teach you any skills.	100	I don't want to teach you any skills.
					Fifty years of training in the mountains have made me what I am today. But when I went back home, there was nothing for me to do there. Magic isn't of very much use in my village. So that's why I came to Delfaras.									
					I reeeally enjoy teaching my skills to others.									
					My hometown? Of course, I'd like to go back someday. But I know that after a day there I'll already start to miss the city.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
24	<Safe Keeper> Himena		<Safe Keeper> Himena	100	I'm Himena, a safe keeper. I'm a genius. I mastered advanced mathematics at the age of ten. Ehem. I don't want to sound like I'm bragging, but it's true. I'm a student of Centagoras, the city's mathematician. He believes a brilliant mathematician will be born here someday. Hehe. He'll be really proud and so will I.				100	If you don't want to lose your items while traveling, leave them with me. I really don't want to store your things. But it's my job, so I can't do anything about it.	100	It's my job to store items, but I don't want to store yours.	100	It's my job to store items, but I don't want to store yours.
					Someday, I'll go to Tullan, the big human city. But for now, I have seven younger brothers and sisters to look after. My job as a safe keeper isn't permanent. It's only to make a living. But dealing with numbers is more fun than I expected and I guess it suits me. Ah... At this rate, I could end up doing this job forever. Wake up, Himena!									
					....... ....... ....... ....... ....... ....... ....... ....... ....... ....... ....... ....... ....... ....... ....... Oh, my gosh.									
					My safe isn't huge, but it's big enough to store travelers' luggage. You can always get your things again and store as much as you want within the specified volume. You can also share items with other characters made under one ID. I guess we'll be meeting often if you use these functions wisely.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
25	<Blacksmith> Paparazzi		<Blacksmith> Paparazzi	100	I'm Paparazzi and I'm a blacksmith. What else do I have to say? Hey, are you judging me based on my name?				100	What an annoying customer. I don't want to fight with you. What do you want from a blacksmith?	100	I won't sell anything to your kind!	100	I won't sell anything to your kind!
					Hammer and anvil are my most precious friends. They value loyalty. Anything is worthless.									
					Is it normal to have a loose tongue? Or is it normal to be discreet? Tell me! Don't try to make me out to be a weirdo!!									
					I think it's better to read a book than to talk nonsense with travelers. Books are my friends. A stranger is either an enemy or just a bother.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
26	<Guild Registrar> Luciano		<Guild Registrar> Luciano	100	I'm Luciano and I'm a guild registrar. I'm a famous nobleman in Delfaras. I do this because I have time, not because I want to make money. Nevertheless, business is so good that I've got a pile of money in just about every corner of my house. I have so much money that Goldielocks, the biggest merchant in the city, borrows money from me.				100	I'm Luciano and I'm a guild registrar. I'm a famous nobleman in Delfaras. I do this because I have time, not because I want to make money. Nevertheless, business is so good that I've got a pile of money in just about every corner of my house. I have so much money that Goldielocks, the biggest merchant in the city, borrows money from me.	100	I'm Luciano and I'm a guild registrar. I'm a famous nobleman in Delfaras. I do this because I have time, not because I want to make money. Nevertheless, business is so good that I've got a pile of money in just about every corner of my house. I have so much money that Goldielocks, the biggest merchant in the city, borrows money from me.	100	I'm Luciano and I'm a guild registrar. I'm a famous nobleman in Delfaras. I do this because I have time, not because I want to make money. Nevertheless, business is so good that I've got a pile of money in just about every corner of my house. I have so much money that Goldielocks, the biggest merchant in the city, borrows money from me.
					As a guild registrar, I meet many travelers and I've realized most of them are rude, unprepared and lazy as lima beans. They'll never be heroes or noblemen. The same goes for you. You should just be thankful that I'm talking to you, because I'm ten times greater than you are.					As a guild registrar, I meet many travelers and I've realized most of them are rude, unprepared and lazy as lima beans. They'll never be heroes or noblemen. The same goes for you. You should just be thankful that I'm talking to you, because I'm ten times greater than you are.		As a guild registrar, I meet many travelers and I've realized most of them are rude, unprepared and lazy as lima beans. They'll never be heroes or noblemen. The same goes for you. You should just be thankful that I'm talking to you, because I'm ten times greater than you are.		As a guild registrar, I meet many travelers and I've realized most of them are rude, unprepared and lazy as lima beans. They'll never be heroes or noblemen. The same goes for you. You should just be thankful that I'm talking to you, because I'm ten times greater than you are.
					A guild is a big group, so sometimes it's better than being alone. For example, it can save you when you're being attacked by monsters. A higher guild? I would introduce you to one if I could! The guilds I can introduce you to now are the ones formed by guild masters. Wait. Don't be so impatient.					A guild is a big group, so sometimes it's better than being alone. For example, it can save you when you're being attacked by monsters. A higher guild? I would introduce you to one if I could! The guilds I can introduce you to now are the ones formed by guild masters. Wait. Don't be so impatient.		A guild is a big group, so sometimes it's better than being alone. For example, it can save you when you're being attacked by monsters. A higher guild? I would introduce you to one if I could! The guilds I can introduce you to now are the ones formed by guild masters. Wait. Don't be so impatient.		A guild is a big group, so sometimes it's better than being alone. For example, it can save you when you're being attacked by monsters. A higher guild? I would introduce you to one if I could! The guilds I can introduce you to now are the ones formed by guild masters. Wait. Don't be so impatient.
					To form a guild, you must come to me and register. You need to register a name for your new guild. Should the name already be in use, you cannot use that name. If you already have a guild, you can't make another one. Likewise, if you're already part of a guild, you can't make another one. These rules are all necessary to smoothly manage the guilds.					To form a guild, you must come to me and register. You need to register a name for your new guild. Should the name already be in use, you cannot use that name. If you already have a guild, you can't make another one. Likewise, if you're already part of a guild, you can't make another one. These rules are all necessary to smoothly manage the guilds.		To form a guild, you must come to me and register. You need to register a name for your new guild. Should the name already be in use, you cannot use that name. If you already have a guild, you can't make another one. Likewise, if you're already part of a guild, you can't make another one. These rules are all necessary to smoothly manage the guilds.		To form a guild, you must come to me and register. You need to register a name for your new guild. Should the name already be in use, you cannot use that name. If you already have a guild, you can't make another one. Likewise, if you're already part of a guild, you can't make another one. These rules are all necessary to smoothly manage the guilds.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
27	<Item Trader> Kat		<Item Trader> Kat	100	My name is Kat! It's spelled differently from cat! But some people still treat me like one. How about you? Watch your mouth or you'll get in big trouble. Besides, I'm in a bad mood and out of sorts these days.				100	I heard there's trouble in our village. Is that because of you? What? You tell me not to care? I really don't want to care! So go ahead and trade, then be on your way!	100	I don't want to trade with you. You know that and still talk to me?	100	I don't want to trade with you. You know that and still talk to me?
					My job is to distribute good merchandise. But some people bring me their goods and look at me with a suspicious face. I can understand their suspicion, but treating me like a cheat is unacceptable.									
					Why do monsters drop weapons before they die? It's because they're targets of hunters. Quite a few monsters run away with weapons stuck in their bodies and so they end up dropping these weapons when they die. It's quite gruesome, I don't understand those who hunt monsters just for fun.									
					Why do monsters drop money or rings when they die? Because sometimes they swallow them along with their prey. And... I'm sure I don't have to tell you how it comes out of their bodies.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
28	<Alchemist> Jeriad		<Alchemist> Jeriad	100	Alchemy is a very alluring field of study! It can't be compared to other petty, useless studies. You adventurers should stop wandering around and focus on studying something. But I guess studying with a brain like yours won't get you far. You'd have to come a long way before you could match wits with me.				100	Alchemy is a very alluring field of study! It can't be compared to other petty, useless studies. You adventurers should stop wandering around and focus on studying something. But I guess studying with a brain like yours won't get you far. You'd have to come a long way before you could match wits with me.	100	Alchemy is a very alluring field of study! It can't be compared to other petty, useless studies. You adventurers should stop wandering around and focus on studying something. But I guess studying with a brain like yours won't get you far. You'd have to come a long way before you could match wits with me.	100	Alchemy is a very alluring field of study! It can't be compared to other petty, useless studies. You adventurers should stop wandering around and focus on studying something. But I guess studying with a brain like yours won't get you far. You'd have to come a long way before you could match wits with me.
					We're the same species, but I have no interest in a gathering where Satiroses drink and get rowdy. No, I actually despise it. Wouldn't it be better to study if you have time to drink? Is that too much to ask? Stupid is what stupid does. Hahaha.					We're the same species, but I have no interest in a gathering where Satiroses drink and get rowdy. No, I actually despise it. Wouldn't it be better to study if you have time to drink? Is that too much to ask? Stupid is what stupid does. Hahaha.		We're the same species, but I have no interest in a gathering where Satiroses drink and get rowdy. No, I actually despise it. Wouldn't it be better to study if you have time to drink? Is that too much to ask? Stupid is what stupid does. Hahaha.		We're the same species, but I have no interest in a gathering where Satiroses drink and get rowdy. No, I actually despise it. Wouldn't it be better to study if you have time to drink? Is that too much to ask? Stupid is what stupid does. Hahaha.
					Wait. It's a very busy and important time right now. Please state your business and then leave.					Wait. It's a very busy and important time right now. Please state your business and then leave.		Wait. It's a very busy and important time right now. Please state your business and then leave.		Wait. It's a very busy and important time right now. Please state your business and then leave.
					Do you enjoy traveling? Working outdoors is not bad, but what really matters in this world is knowledge! I'm quite satisfied with my life right now. Travelers like you should settle down and find a new job. What do you think about that?					Do you enjoy traveling? Working outdoors is not bad, but what really matters in this world is knowledge! I'm quite satisfied with my life right now. Travelers like you should settle down and find a new job. What do you think about that?		Do you enjoy traveling? Working outdoors is not bad, but what really matters in this world is knowledge! I'm quite satisfied with my life right now. Travelers like you should settle down and find a new job. What do you think about that?		Do you enjoy traveling? Working outdoors is not bad, but what really matters in this world is knowledge! I'm quite satisfied with my life right now. Travelers like you should settle down and find a new job. What do you think about that?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
29	<Cook> Leona		<Cook> Leona	100	I'm Leona, a cook. Fresh seafood dishes are quite popular these days in Delfaras. The attitude of the person tasting the food is important, haute cuisine is meaningless if you have an indiscriminate palate. It is a bit unfortunate that I'm serving my food to travelers like you, who're used to mediocre food. Hahaha.				100	I'm Leona, a cook. Fresh seafood dishes are quite popular these days in Delfaras. The attitude of the person tasting the food is important, haute cuisine is meaningless if you have an indiscriminate palate. It is a bit unfortunate that I'm serving my food to travelers like you, who're used to mediocre food. Hahaha.	100	I'm Leona, a cook. Fresh seafood dishes are quite popular these days in Delfaras. The attitude of the person tasting the food is important, haute cuisine is meaningless if you have an indiscriminate palate. It is a bit unfortunate that I'm serving my food to travelers like you, who're used to mediocre food. Hahaha.	100	I'm Leona, a cook. Fresh seafood dishes are quite popular these days in Delfaras. The attitude of the person tasting the food is important, haute cuisine is meaningless if you have an indiscriminate palate. It is a bit unfortunate that I'm serving my food to travelers like you, who're used to mediocre food. Hahaha.
					Two cooking contests are held every year in Delfaras. I've entered three years straight and have always come in first! There really isn't much to do in this city. I heard there's a big cooking contest in Tullan as well... and that there's a cook who thinks the world of herself. One of these days, I'll show her who's the best.					Two cooking contests are held every year in Delfaras. I've entered three years straight and have always come in first! There really isn't much to do in this city. I heard there's a big cooking contest in Tullan as well... and that there's a cook who thinks the world of herself. One of these days, I'll show her who's the best.		Two cooking contests are held every year in Delfaras. I've entered three years straight and have always come in first! There really isn't much to do in this city. I heard there's a big cooking contest in Tullan as well... and that there's a cook who thinks the world of herself. One of these days, I'll show her who's the best.		Two cooking contests are held every year in Delfaras. I've entered three years straight and have always come in first! There really isn't much to do in this city. I heard there's a big cooking contest in Tullan as well... and that there's a cook who thinks the world of herself. One of these days, I'll show her who's the best.
					As you know, Delfaras was built on the city of the Sea People and a lot of their relics are hidden about. I've never seen any of them. But according to Pisarena, the library keeper, her father told her about the recipes of the Sea People. Frankly, I don't think the recipes would be that good since they lived underwater. But I am interested. Find them for me if you can.					As you know, Delfaras was built on the city of the Sea People and a lot of their relics are hidden about. I've never seen any of them. But according to Pisarena, the library keeper, her father told her about the recipes of the Sea People. Frankly, I don't think the recipes would be that good since they lived underwater. But I am interested. Find them for me if you can.		As you know, Delfaras was built on the city of the Sea People and a lot of their relics are hidden about. I've never seen any of them. But according to Pisarena, the library keeper, her father told her about the recipes of the Sea People. Frankly, I don't think the recipes would be that good since they lived underwater. But I am interested. Find them for me if you can.		As you know, Delfaras was built on the city of the Sea People and a lot of their relics are hidden about. I've never seen any of them. But according to Pisarena, the library keeper, her father told her about the recipes of the Sea People. Frankly, I don't think the recipes would be that good since they lived underwater. But I am interested. Find them for me if you can.
					Hmm, your eyes... I don't like them too much. It looks like you're checking me out. I-I was born with this face. My parents handed it to me, so don't concern yourself with me. It's always people who have nothing that compare themselves to Bleth, the merchant. T-they can all just go drown in the deep sea!					Hmm, your eyes... I don't like them too much. It looks like you're checking me out. I-I was born with this face. My parents handed it to me, so don't concern yourself with me. It's always people who have nothing that compare themselves to Bleth, the merchant. T-they can all just go drown in the deep sea!		Hmm, your eyes... I don't like them too much. It looks like you're checking me out. I-I was born with this face. My parents handed it to me, so don't concern yourself with me. It's always people who have nothing that compare themselves to Bleth, the merchant. T-they can all just go drown in the deep sea!		Hmm, your eyes... I don't like them too much. It looks like you're checking me out. I-I was born with this face. My parents handed it to me, so don't concern yourself with me. It's always people who have nothing that compare themselves to Bleth, the merchant. T-they can all just go drown in the deep sea!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
30	<Adventurer> Iva		<Adventurer> Iva	100	Greetings, I am Iva, an Adventurer. Delfaras is a land that marks the beginning and end of adventurers. You arrive on a sailboat and leave on a ship! It's a fabulous city, like nowhere else in the world. Oh, I guess there is a place like this. It's a city I visited when I was young. Want to hear my story? Oh, too bad you're so busy..				100	Greetings, I am Iva, an Adventurer. Delfaras is a land that marks the beginning and end of adventurers. You arrive on a sailboat and leave on a ship! It's a fabulous city, like nowhere else in the world. Oh, I guess there is a place like this. It's a city I visited when I was young. Want to hear my story? Oh, too bad you're so busy..	100	Greetings, I am Iva, an Adventurer. Delfaras is a land that marks the beginning and end of adventurers. You arrive on a sailboat and leave on a ship! It's a fabulous city, like nowhere else in the world. Oh, I guess there is a place like this. It's a city I visited when I was young. Want to hear my story? Oh, too bad you're so busy..	100	Greetings, I am Iva, an Adventurer. Delfaras is a land that marks the beginning and end of adventurers. You arrive on a sailboat and leave on a ship! It's a fabulous city, like nowhere else in the world. Oh, I guess there is a place like this. It's a city I visited when I was young. Want to hear my story? Oh, too bad you're so busy..
					Meeting a monster during your travels is a little shocking isn't it? Have you ever met a Manticore? Oh, I remember when I met one while crossing a valley. It was quite dangerous. Rocks were shaking above my head, water was flowing down from the valley's upstream and he was in front of me with his mouth watering. I managed to survive in the end, no wonder I'm called the genius adventurer!					Meeting a monster during your travels is a little shocking isn't it? Have you ever met a Manticore? Oh, I remember when I met one while crossing a valley. It was quite dangerous. Rocks were shaking above my head, water was flowing down from the valley's upstream and he was in front of me with his mouth watering. I managed to survive in the end, no wonder I'm called the genius adventurer!		Meeting a monster during your travels is a little shocking isn't it? Have you ever met a Manticore? Oh, I remember when I met one while crossing a valley. It was quite dangerous. Rocks were shaking above my head, water was flowing down from the valley's upstream and he was in front of me with his mouth watering. I managed to survive in the end, no wonder I'm called the genius adventurer!		Meeting a monster during your travels is a little shocking isn't it? Have you ever met a Manticore? Oh, I remember when I met one while crossing a valley. It was quite dangerous. Rocks were shaking above my head, water was flowing down from the valley's upstream and he was in front of me with his mouth watering. I managed to survive in the end, no wonder I'm called the genius adventurer!
					Any knowledge obtained from an adventure becomes a valuable treasure. Ways of starting a fire and making a trap out of branches are basics, knowing what to do when you meet bandits or wanted criminals on the road, ways of proving your innocence when taken for a thief, etc. are very useful. But most of them are emergency measures. I can't teach them to you because they can only be acquired from experience.					Any knowledge obtained from an adventure becomes a valuable treasure. Ways of starting a fire and making a trap out of branches are basics, knowing what to do when you meet bandits or wanted criminals on the road, ways of proving your innocence when taken for a thief, etc. are very useful. But most of them are emergency measures. I can't teach them to you because they can only be acquired from experience.		Any knowledge obtained from an adventure becomes a valuable treasure. Ways of starting a fire and making a trap out of branches are basics, knowing what to do when you meet bandits or wanted criminals on the road, ways of proving your innocence when taken for a thief, etc. are very useful. But most of them are emergency measures. I can't teach them to you because they can only be acquired from experience.		Any knowledge obtained from an adventure becomes a valuable treasure. Ways of starting a fire and making a trap out of branches are basics, knowing what to do when you meet bandits or wanted criminals on the road, ways of proving your innocence when taken for a thief, etc. are very useful. But most of them are emergency measures. I can't teach them to you because they can only be acquired from experience.
					I wonder if there's anything like an adventurer's contest. If there was, I would definitely win. What? A loudmouth contest? Hey, that hurt. I only share the wide range of knowledge that I've acquired from experience. How could you call me a loudmouth? This is why I don't like young travelers. Think about it... one day you'll be in my shoes.					I wonder if there's anything like an adventurer's contest. If there was, I would definitely win. What? A loudmouth contest? Hey, that hurt. I only share the wide range of knowledge that I've acquired from experience. How could you call me a loudmouth? This is why I don't like young travelers. Think about it... one day you'll be in my shoes.		I wonder if there's anything like an adventurer's contest. If there was, I would definitely win. What? A loudmouth contest? Hey, that hurt. I only share the wide range of knowledge that I've acquired from experience. How could you call me a loudmouth? This is why I don't like young travelers. Think about it... one day you'll be in my shoes.		I wonder if there's anything like an adventurer's contest. If there was, I would definitely win. What? A loudmouth contest? Hey, that hurt. I only share the wide range of knowledge that I've acquired from experience. How could you call me a loudmouth? This is why I don't like young travelers. Think about it... one day you'll be in my shoes.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
31	<Merchant> Ryan		<Merchant> Ryan	100	I'm Ryan and I'm a merchant. I used to live in Delfaras, but left home at an early age. After wandering around with merchants, I arrived here at the age of twenty. That was last year. I think my diligence helped me survive through various difficult situations here. Making it alone like I did isn't easy.				100	I ran away when I was young. But I never went down the path you took. Eh? You can't understand that because you're not a warrior? Pft! Excuses, excuses... You shouldn't bother me with your excuses. Go and see a Pardoner!	100	You don't want to buy a potion, do you? It's kind of obvious....	100	You don't want to buy a potion, do you? It's kind of obvious....
					The most important thing in the world is money and after that, friends. You probably already know that. You can make friends with money, but never lose them because of it. Always handle financial matters prudently with friends in order to maintain friendships. Don't you know that having zero liabilities is the way to keep your friendship?									
					Having watched travelers for a long time, I suggest that you sell items that you don't need and collect things that are valuable. Liquid potions are used a lot, so it's natural that you'll spend most of your money on potions during the early stages. But, it's a matter of life and death.									
					I think travelers should be close to Merchants. Expendable products eventually run out and need to be replaced regularly. Occasionally monsters drop them, but that won't be enough. But... if you securely fit yourself with armor and weapons, you'll be better off.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
32	<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Liam		<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Liam	100	I'm Liam, a warrior weapons merchant. I used to be a lowly, wandering swordsman. But it turns out that I'm more skilled at selling swords than using them. The weapons I sell are of guaranteed quality. They'll save warriors when in danger, so come visit often.				100	You might be able to save your own life with my weapons, but maybe others will get hurt, too. I'd prefer it if the likes of you didn't buy from me.	100	You look like you don't have money... And I'm not selling you anything anyway!	100	You look like you don't have money... And I'm not selling you anything anyway!
					I think it's time for me to get married, but I haven't found the right woman. Well, I have met a few travelers that I've liked, but they were all sorcerers. They never paid any attention to me. What if I die an old geezer? Darn. Maybe things will change if I make a lot of money.									
					Every city has people who may look commonplace, but are not. Oh, I'm not saying I'm one of them. For example, in this city... there are numerous residents who seem to have a mysterious past. Of course, I can only guess since they don't tell me. But perhaps someday, they'll all reveal their secrets.									
					You can never have too many good weapons. A good weapon will radiate brilliantly in the hands of a skilled warrior. With a good weapon, you can prolong your life even if you're somewhat lacking in skills. What kind of warrior are you?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
33	<Warrior Armor Merchant> Bladin		<Warrior Armor Merchant> Bladin	100	Hi, I'm Bladin and I'm a warrior armor merchant. Taking on my grandfather's trade, I've become a pretty big merchant in this city. But frankly, I have no interest in this trade. My wish is to buy land in a quiet, serene place and be a farmer. Life in the big city is so boring. (sigh).				100	Have you achieved all your goals? And to do so you resorted to killing. It's great if you give your best to reach your goals, but if that means hurting others, you should reconsider. Don't you think?	100	I'm not serving customers today.	100	I'm not serving customers today.
					People I know have already realized their dreams, whether they're big or small. I have dreams, but I can't give up this job as long as it puts food on the table. But I do have an uncontrollable urge to just run off.									
					Just because I have a small, simple dream doesn't mean I don't care about money. No, sir. Without money, you can't do anything. It's pretty clear. That's why I can't turn away travelers. Honestly, I wonder if it's too late to give up this job. But someday... someday, I will. At least, that's what I think.									
					Like weapons, armor also has durability levels. The more you get hit, the more your durability level will fall, so archers or sorcerers are better off than warriors in this regard. Warriors can't avoid having their durability levels fall because they engage in close-quarters combat. When durability drops to 0, the armor no longer offers any protection. So get it checked regularly and have it fixed before it falls to 0.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
34	<Archer Weapons Merchant> Ermelen		<Archer Weapons Merchant> Ermelen	100	I'm Ermelen the Elf hunter and I sell bows in Tullan. I'm a little embarrassed to say this, but I used to be a pretty famous archer. One day I left my village on a personal mission, then fell in love with the King's vigor and ended up settling down. My bows are of the best quality, so you won't regret it if you buy one.				100	If you're looking for weapons to hunt monsters, fine. But that doesn't seem the case. You're in the wrong place. I only sell weapons to people looking to defend themselves from monsters.	100	I'd like you to leave....	100	I'd like you to leave....
					Sometimes, those traveling through the forest act rude and make the Elementals mad. I can hear their anger all the way up here in the castle. Are you such a traveler? Don't break the branches. Don't litter. Don't scare the trees with unnecessary fighting. They're all living beings that are loved by the Elementals.									
					Certain information is needed when you hunt monsters. Defeat an enemy stronger than you and you'll gain more experience points. Defeat one that's weaker than you and you'll gain less experience points. But you may end up losing your life if the enemy is too strong. Knowing what type of monster is within your abilities is a good way to hunt.									
					Monsters generally don't attack first unless provoked. However, the stronger the monsters, the more they will attack you first. Just approaching them will make them respond and attack. Be careful when you meet such monsters in tight areas. You might get surrounded by them.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
35	<Archer Armor Merchant> Noviel		<Archer Armor Merchant> Noviel	100	I'm Noviel. I'm an Archer Armor merchant. When my sister left the village, I got jealous and followed her, but, as usual, she leads a really boring life. Humans seem to have pretty interesting lives unlike us elves. Learning their culture can be fun, but she always insists on the elves' way of life.				100	I know my Elvish race has a different culture to yours, but hurting others is never acceptable. Sure, I need to sell my goods to fulfill my dreams. But I'd rather not sell anything to people like you.	100	You cannot buy any of my wares.	100	You cannot buy any of my wares.
					I have a dream. It's to make a lot of money, buy a ship and set off to sail the seas with adventurers. Chantra is nice, but I'm not too fond of the atmosphere these days. War and bloodshed isn't the type of adventure I'm looking for. Oh, don't tell my sister I said this.									
					An archer's armor is usually made of leather, not heavy metal, otherwise, it becomes a hindrance. Endurance is vital for an archer. If the armor weighs down on the archer's shoulders, they will get tired after only a few shots. The armor I sell is always light, yet sturdy. It's the best.									
					You've heard the rumor about Gracia the MoonElf, haven't you? MoonElfs despise him, yet are proud of his legendary stories which are told now and then. I guess the important thing is which species are the best archers in Chantra. I certainly think it's us elves. The MoonElves can't take that from us.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
36	<Magic Weapons Merchant> Lucia		<Magic Weapons Merchant> Lucia	100	Hey, haven't heard about me? I'm Lucia, a magic weapons merchant. Come to me if you're looking for a nice weapon. I used to be a great sorcerer, but got tired of it all and settled down as a merchant. The job doesn't require any skills, except counting money. Hahaha.				100	I'm grateful that you want to buy from me, but I really don't want to sell. Why do you have to do so? You're not going to say... for no particular reason, are you?	100	I don't have anything to sell to you!	100	I don't have anything to sell to you!
					Frankly, my master's magic tools were the capital for my business. I sold them, l squandered all the money and almost went bankrupt. So I used what little money I had left to start this business. It's not too bad, but I definitely can't be satisfied with this. So you should buy one of my weapons, okay?									
					Why are you traveling? I'm always curious about travelers. Is it because of money? Fame? Love? What's the reason? Some say they like the adventure, but I think that's the most ridiculous reason. They're no fun and not romantic at all. I guess they just have no grasp of reality.									
					There have been a lot of rumors about the Archlord lately. I'm really interested in them, I heard you can do anything if you become the Archlord. You can be rich and buy anything, you can have hundreds of staff members and build gardens where thousands of animals can play. I doubt I'll ever become one, but if someone I know did... then life would be pretty good!  Do you think you could become one?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
37	<Magic Armor Merchant> Sirian		<Magic Armor Merchant> Sirian	100	I'm Syrian, a magic armor merchant.				100	Armor is made to save lives. But when I think of all the people you killed...	100	Good bye....	100	Good bye....
					Selling magic tools isn't right, you shouldn't mess with such power. Selling Armor is the best.									
					Armor is a must if you want to survive.									
					I'm normally very quiet.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
38	<Warrior Trainer> Aaron		<Warrior Trainer> Aaron	100	I'm Aaron, a warrior trainer. Soldier, do you have the basic virtues and physical strength necessary to be an adventurer? They're necessary in order to survive in Tullan because this is where our king is. If I catch you loafing around with a bad attitude, you'll get in big trouble!				100	You seem to have experienced something bad. But that's no excuse. I'll teach you, but it'll be expensive. If you don't like that, go and see the Pardoner about your sins.	100	You should be grateful I don't hit you.	100	You should be grateful I don't hit you.
					A warrior's skill isn't just about your technical skills. It's about training yourself for the future. Do you believe your weapon is solely for battle? It's also a tool to unify your body and mind. Everyone seems to hate it when I say this. Do you feel the same? Hm......									
					Catching a monster the same level as you is the most efficient way. Your chances of dying are low and you'll have gained a significant amount of experience should you succeed. You can go after a monster 1 or 2 levels higher to gain more experience, but you must not go overboard. Be well armed and drink your potions regularly. Got it?									
					We're incredibly lacking in men due to an incident half a year ago. So I'm quite busy training new youngsters. But training time isn't always proportional to skill. I'm getting impatient. I want to train a lot of soldiers and impress the king. But things aren't going the way I planned.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
39	<Archer Trainer> Mars		<Archer Trainer> Mars	100	I'm Mars and I'm an archer trainer. Have you heard about me? I used to be a famous hunter. I used to be famous for hunting criminals. That's all in the past. I guess I became a pessimist. Killing isn't always the best answer. Haha.				100	Haven't you heard about me? Ah... Well, had you heard about me, you wouldn't have come here. Well, it's an old story. But anyway, I can't teach you skills. If you insist, I might. But I really don't feel like it.	100	Get out of here, now!	100	Get out of here, now!
					When I pass on a skill, I always make sure of a few things. How will you use this skill? On whom will you use this skill? Are you being fair? Only evil should be destroyed. To confront good with a weapon is a grave sin. I do not wish my skills to be used on the weak.									
					Most archers shoot one arrow or bolt at a time. If you're out of arrows, you cannot use your skills. Since you can't use your skills without arrows, make sure to purchase arrows before you run out.									
					Have you ever killed someone who isn't a monster? I do not pass on my skills to such a person. Maybe that's not realistic in a world like today. In the old days, a traveler couldn't use his sword on another traveler according to 'The strict prayers of the Elementals.' But after the troubled times came...... everything changed.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
40	<Magic Trainer> Ewan		<Magic Trainer> Ewan	100	I'm Ewan and I'm a magic trainer. I used to be a royal sorcerer, but now I cultivate young students. Ehem. I have no regrets about leaving the palace. My motto is 'Live in the present.' But the pudding they served at dinnertime in the palace was really...... Oh, what am I saying?				100	I want to eat royal pudding.... Eh? Hmhm... It's not like I miss life at court. What do you need from me? Eh? Hmm... The laws are not as strict here as in the palace, so I could teach you some skills. But I'd rather you didn't want to learn from me.	100	I don't have anything to say to you.	100	I don't have anything to say to you.
					Aaron is my little brother. He forfeited his position when I did. Do I regret it? Not at all! Just like Aaron chose his way, I chose mine. But the magic books in the palace library were quite... Oh, what am I saying? I have no regrets.									
					You're jealous of the palace life? Don't be. I hope no one hears this, but life in the palace is like being in a prison. The strictness inside the palace doesn't compare to life here in Tullan. Everything in the palace revolves around His Majesty. However, once you live in the palace, you become famous. And that fame brings you numerous practical benefits.									
					As obvious as it may sound, you will use up mana every time you use your skills. The more powerful the skill, the more mana you will use. Use a powerful skill often and you'll fall short of mana faster than you might expect, eventually you won't be able to participate in battle. Plus, sorcerers use up mana just with their basic attacks. You must be cautious.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
41	<Safe Keeper> Avlin		<Safe Keeper> Avlin	100	I'm Avlin and I'm a safe keeper. I don't own this safe. The owner left it to me and went far, far away. He hasn't come back, yet. It's been ten years already, so people think I'm the owner of the safe, but I'll be here waiting until the true owner returns.				100	I'm a really fast runner. I can even catch the fastest of thieves. But I won't overexert myself for your items. Now don't look at me like that. It's not like they aren't safe.	100	No... You're not here to store items, are you?	100	You're not here to store items, are you?
					Do you like to run? I love it. Whether day or night, I run whenever I have time. It makes me feel good. These days, spend more time working ,with no time to rest as more and more travelers come by. But when the shop owner returns, I'll leave it to him and run off like the wind.									
					How do I look? Do I look weak? But, I've been training in martial arts since I was young and I'm quite good. Huh? You don't believe me, do you? Want to see my moves? My powerful kick just might make a hole in the safe! I better not. If I make a fool of myself on the street and I might lose my customers.									
					Those that steal from me will pay! If I catch them, they better prepare to die. They won't be able to run far anyway. Why? Because I'm a great runner. Even the birds give up flying when I start running. Hey, it's the truth! Want to challenge me?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
42	<Blacksmith> Bulcan		<Blacksmith> Bulcan	100	I'm Bulkan and I'm a blacksmith. Having a lot of experience is my merit. Whether an adventurer or a traveler, without experience, you could end up as a leopard's meal under a tree. So don't forget that. Only you can save yourself. You know that, right?				100	I have to raise my children better, so they never become like you. You're here to fix a weapon? I'll hurry, and then I never want to see you here again.	100	Hey! Get out of my sight!	100	Hey! Get out of my sight!
					Are you reckless with your weapons? That's the thing I hate the most. If not regularly oiled, armor rusts because of the blood. If you don't maintain your armor, it will fail at the most crucial moment. It's directly related to life and death, so treat it preciously. I'll be watching.									
					I have nine children. They're Irun, Durun, Sorun, Shirun, Parun, Jerun, Birun, Karun and Nirun. What do you think? Aren't they great names? No? Well, being a Gnome, I think they're nice. This might sound a little funny, but my nine children are my greatest asset.									
					Do you know about the legendary metal? I heard there exists a metal totally different from the iron, copper, gold or silver that we use. But the Elementals got angry at the miners for digging up this metal that they had buried deep within the ground. Some think this metal is Deonite. But don't forget that there are many more types of metals.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
43	<Guild Registrar> Mohol		<Guild Registrar> Mohol	100	I'm Mohol, a guild registrar. I used to sell local artifacts in this city. But with business being slow, I now make a living by introducing travelers to guilds. How much do I make? Hey, I'm satisfied by helping the travelers. It's a great job isn't it?				100	I'm Mohol, a guild registrar. I used to sell local artifacts in this city. But with business being slow, I now make a living by introducing travelers to guilds. How much do I make? Hey, I'm satisfied by helping the travelers. It's a great job isn't it?	100	I'm Mohol, a guild registrar. I used to sell local artifacts in this city. But with business being slow, I now make a living by introducing travelers to guilds. How much do I make? Hey, I'm satisfied by helping the travelers. It's a great job isn't it?	100	I'm Mohol, a guild registrar. I used to sell local artifacts in this city. But with business being slow, I now make a living by introducing travelers to guilds. How much do I make? Hey, I'm satisfied by helping the travelers. It's a great job isn't it?
					I used to be an avid traveler. Believe it or not, I once went far out to sea and fought against Kragen. It's unfortunate I cannot do so anymore because of my age and bad left knee. Oh, if I could turn back time, I would sail off far, far away. Looking at adventurers like you brings back lots of memories.					I used to be an avid traveler. Believe it or not, I once went far out to sea and fought against Kragen. It's unfortunate I cannot do so anymore because of my age and bad left knee. Oh, if I could turn back time, I would sail off far, far away. Looking at adventurers like you brings back lots of memories.		I used to be an avid traveler. Believe it or not, I once went far out to sea and fought against Kragen. It's unfortunate I cannot do so anymore because of my age and bad left knee. Oh, if I could turn back time, I would sail off far, far away. Looking at adventurers like you brings back lots of memories.		I used to be an avid traveler. Believe it or not, I once went far out to sea and fought against Kragen. It's unfortunate I cannot do so anymore because of my age and bad left knee. Oh, if I could turn back time, I would sail off far, far away. Looking at adventurers like you brings back lots of memories.
					The advantages of creating a guild? As everyone knows, you can form close bonds with others in the guild. I'd say that's enough. You can get help from your guild when they're nearby. There are a lot of other benefits as well. The disadvantages? Hey, do you think I'd really tell you the disadvantages?					The advantages of creating a guild? As everyone knows, you can form close bonds with others in the guild. I'd say that's enough. You can get help from your guild when they're nearby. There are a lot of other benefits as well. The disadvantages? Hey, do you think I'd really tell you the disadvantages?		The advantages of creating a guild? As everyone knows, you can form close bonds with others in the guild. I'd say that's enough. You can get help from your guild when they're nearby. There are a lot of other benefits as well. The disadvantages? Hey, do you think I'd really tell you the disadvantages?		The advantages of creating a guild? As everyone knows, you can form close bonds with others in the guild. I'd say that's enough. You can get help from your guild when they're nearby. There are a lot of other benefits as well. The disadvantages? Hey, do you think I'd really tell you the disadvantages?
					Go out the east gate of Tullan and you'll meet many dangerous monsters. Let me remind you that they have a strong animosity toward Tullan. I can't help but think that someone is influencing them, driving them to attack us.					Go out the east gate of Tullan and you'll meet many dangerous monsters. Let me remind you that they have a strong animosity toward Tullan. I can't help but think that someone is influencing them, driving them to attack us.		Go out the east gate of Tullan and you'll meet many dangerous monsters. Let me remind you that they have a strong animosity toward Tullan. I can't help but think that someone is influencing them, driving them to attack us.		Go out the east gate of Tullan and you'll meet many dangerous monsters. Let me remind you that they have a strong animosity toward Tullan. I can't help but think that someone is influencing them, driving them to attack us.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
44	<Item Trader> Bay		<Item Trader> Bay	100	I'm the one and only Bay, the best item trader in this city. But this city is not what it used to be and I'm considering moving. It's been 100 years since the 100-day War broke out and things haven't improved a bit.				100	Business isn't so good these days, and now you! Selling stuff will be getting much harder from now on. If you're here to sell, give me your stuff and leave.	100	I don't want to sell anything to you, so leave! Of course, even if I wanted to sell...	100	I don't want to sell anything to you, so leave! Of course, even if I wanted to sell...
					The old Tullan was a bridge between the West and the East, there was tons of merchandise around, but business isn't so good these days with so many monsters and closed roads. So, you think this is a lot of merchandise? Well, it doesn't compare to the old days. Those were the days.									
					My father's grandfather's grandfather and all my ancestors were traders. Naturally, I took on the trade as well.									
					Why do you want to see me when you have nothing to sell? Come back when you obtain something of value. I like being alone.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
45	<Alchemist> Exerion		<Alchemist> Exerion	100	...... Chant a spell but it won't do you any good! Hahaha. I was just messing with you, don't get so upset!				100	...... Chant a spell but it won't do you any good! Hahaha. I was just messing with you, don't get so upset!	100	...... Chant a spell but it won't do you any good! Hahaha. I was just messing with you, don't get so upset!	100	...... Chant a spell but it won't do you any good! Hahaha. I was just messing with you, don't get so upset!
					Do you like tea? I like strong, hot tea. Well, I do like alcohol better. But I drink tea in the day since drinking isn't allowed during serious work.					Do you like tea? I like strong, hot tea. Well, I do like alcohol better. But I drink tea in the day since drinking isn't allowed during serious work.		Do you like tea? I like strong, hot tea. Well, I do like alcohol better. But I drink tea in the day since drinking isn't allowed during serious work.		Do you like tea? I like strong, hot tea. Well, I do like alcohol better. But I drink tea in the day since drinking isn't allowed during serious work.
					Don't be too depressed because you don't have much. The smallest things can become brilliant when you pass the Rock of the Wise. I guess there's no chance a traveler like you would head out there?					Don't be too depressed because you don't have much. The smallest things can become brilliant when you pass the Rock of the Wise. I guess there's no chance a traveler like you would head out there?		Don't be too depressed because you don't have much. The smallest things can become brilliant when you pass the Rock of the Wise. I guess there's no chance a traveler like you would head out there?		Don't be too depressed because you don't have much. The smallest things can become brilliant when you pass the Rock of the Wise. I guess there's no chance a traveler like you would head out there?
					...... After staying up for days and guarding the alchemy Cauldron, you often lose weight, your eyes get tired, you yawn a lot and have no idea what people are saying. Regardless of your success as an alchemist, such a lifestyle won't get you any friends of the opposite sex. I guess it's just part of being an alchemist.					...... After staying up for days and guarding the alchemy Cauldron, you often lose weight, your eyes get tired, you yawn a lot and have no idea what people are saying. Regardless of your success as an alchemist, such a lifestyle won't get you any friends of the opposite sex. I guess it's just part of being an alchemist.		...... After staying up for days and guarding the alchemy Cauldron, you often lose weight, your eyes get tired, you yawn a lot and have no idea what people are saying. Regardless of your success as an alchemist, such a lifestyle won't get you any friends of the opposite sex. I guess it's just part of being an alchemist.		...... After staying up for days and guarding the alchemy Cauldron, you often lose weight, your eyes get tired, you yawn a lot and have no idea what people are saying. Regardless of your success as an alchemist, such a lifestyle won't get you any friends of the opposite sex. I guess it's just part of being an alchemist.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
46	<Cook> Mary		<Cook> Mary	100	Hehe, I'm Mary and I'm a cook. I'm the best cook, the best baker and the best wife in Tullan. You'll never find a woman who's better at homemaking than I am. Not that I want to boast, hahaha. But a cook needs to take pride in her food in order to sell it, right?				100	Hehe, I'm Mary and I'm a cook. I'm the best cook, the best baker and the best wife in Tullan. You'll never find a woman who's better at homemaking than I am. Not that I want to boast, hahaha. But a cook needs to take pride in her food in order to sell it, right?	100	Hehe, I'm Mary and I'm a cook. I'm the best cook, the best baker and the best wife in Tullan. You'll never find a woman who's better at homemaking than I am. Not that I want to boast, hahaha. But a cook needs to take pride in her food in order to sell it, right?	100	Hehe, I'm Mary and I'm a cook. I'm the best cook, the best baker and the best wife in Tullan. You'll never find a woman who's better at homemaking than I am. Not that I want to boast, hahaha. But a cook needs to take pride in her food in order to sell it, right?
					I don't know if you've heard a lot about Lariat, the adventurer. Well, he's my husband. I used to hate it when he traveled around and left me all alone. But now, he doesn't leave the city because I hold a very precious treasure of his as security. I told him that I'd break it right away should he leave the city without my permission.					I don't know if you've heard a lot about Lariat, the adventurer. Well, he's my husband. I used to hate it when he traveled around and left me all alone. But now, he doesn't leave the city because I hold a very precious treasure of his as security. I told him that I'd break it right away should he leave the city without my permission.		I don't know if you've heard a lot about Lariat, the adventurer. Well, he's my husband. I used to hate it when he traveled around and left me all alone. But now, he doesn't leave the city because I hold a very precious treasure of his as security. I told him that I'd break it right away should he leave the city without my permission.		I don't know if you've heard a lot about Lariat, the adventurer. Well, he's my husband. I used to hate it when he traveled around and left me all alone. But now, he doesn't leave the city because I hold a very precious treasure of his as security. I told him that I'd break it right away should he leave the city without my permission.
					The influx of so many travelers is making me nervous. I'm worried my husband will lose control and leave with them. You're one of those travelers so should you ever meet him, don't ask him to come with you. If possible, don't talk about adventures in the first place but I guess I can't stop him from at least taking pleasure in listening to such stories.					The influx of so many travelers is making me nervous. I'm worried my husband will lose control and leave with them. You're one of those travelers so should you ever meet him, don't ask him to come with you. If possible, don't talk about adventures in the first place but I guess I can't stop him from at least taking pleasure in listening to such stories.		The influx of so many travelers is making me nervous. I'm worried my husband will lose control and leave with them. You're one of those travelers so should you ever meet him, don't ask him to come with you. If possible, don't talk about adventures in the first place but I guess I can't stop him from at least taking pleasure in listening to such stories.		The influx of so many travelers is making me nervous. I'm worried my husband will lose control and leave with them. You're one of those travelers so should you ever meet him, don't ask him to come with you. If possible, don't talk about adventures in the first place but I guess I can't stop him from at least taking pleasure in listening to such stories.
					I heard there's a cook who calls herself the best in Delfaras and has even won a lot of awards. Once a year, the king of Delfaras orders a cooking contest to be held. I entered once and won, but that was my only time because I came to learn what topnotch cooking was in Ellore. Try visiting the peaceful, warm village if you can.					I heard there's a cook who calls herself the best in Delfaras and has even won a lot of awards. Once a year, the king of Delfaras orders a cooking contest to be held. I entered once and won, but that was my only time because I came to learn what topnotch cooking was in Ellore. Try visiting the peaceful, warm village if you can.		I heard there's a cook who calls herself the best in Delfaras and has even won a lot of awards. Once a year, the king of Delfaras orders a cooking contest to be held. I entered once and won, but that was my only time because I came to learn what topnotch cooking was in Ellore. Try visiting the peaceful, warm village if you can.		I heard there's a cook who calls herself the best in Delfaras and has even won a lot of awards. Once a year, the king of Delfaras orders a cooking contest to be held. I entered once and won, but that was my only time because I came to learn what topnotch cooking was in Ellore. Try visiting the peaceful, warm village if you can.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
47	<Adventurer> Lariat		<Adventurer> Lariat	100	Being an adventurer is a very difficult, yet alluring job. But frankly, as opposed to an adventurer...... I consider myself more of a grave robber. But I can offer training in a lot of adventurer's skills. What do you think?				100	Being an adventurer is a very difficult, yet alluring job. But frankly, as opposed to an adventurer...... I consider myself more of a grave robber. But I can offer training in a lot of adventurer's skills. What do you think?	100	Being an adventurer is a very difficult, yet alluring job. But frankly, as opposed to an adventurer...... I consider myself more of a grave robber. But I can offer training in a lot of adventurer's skills. What do you think?	100	Being an adventurer is a very difficult, yet alluring job. But frankly, as opposed to an adventurer...... I consider myself more of a grave robber. But I can offer training in a lot of adventurer's skills. What do you think?
					I've experienced oh so many adventures. Once, I discovered an apple as big as the Nobleheim Mountains on the road. It was so delicious that I ate it for three days. Inside the apple, I discovered a worm as big as the Tullan steeple. What? Well, don't believe me if you want.					I've experienced oh so many adventures. Once, I discovered an apple as big as the Nobleheim Mountains on the road. It was so delicious that I ate it for three days. Inside the apple, I discovered a worm as big as the Tullan steeple. What? Well, don't believe me if you want.		I've experienced oh so many adventures. Once, I discovered an apple as big as the Nobleheim Mountains on the road. It was so delicious that I ate it for three days. Inside the apple, I discovered a worm as big as the Tullan steeple. What? Well, don't believe me if you want.		I've experienced oh so many adventures. Once, I discovered an apple as big as the Nobleheim Mountains on the road. It was so delicious that I ate it for three days. Inside the apple, I discovered a worm as big as the Tullan steeple. What? Well, don't believe me if you want.
					I like shiny and expensive things like gold or gems. I'm being honest. Rings or necklaces, it doesn't matter. But after spending everything I collected on pleasure, I barely have anything left. Oh, my wife has the expensive pieces. Should the opportunity come, I'll take them and leave on another journey. But the opportunity just doesn't seem to come.					I like shiny and expensive things like gold or gems. I'm being honest. Rings or necklaces, it doesn't matter. But after spending everything I collected on pleasure, I barely have anything left. Oh, my wife has the expensive pieces. Should the opportunity come, I'll take them and leave on another journey. But the opportunity just doesn't seem to come.		I like shiny and expensive things like gold or gems. I'm being honest. Rings or necklaces, it doesn't matter. But after spending everything I collected on pleasure, I barely have anything left. Oh, my wife has the expensive pieces. Should the opportunity come, I'll take them and leave on another journey. But the opportunity just doesn't seem to come.		I like shiny and expensive things like gold or gems. I'm being honest. Rings or necklaces, it doesn't matter. But after spending everything I collected on pleasure, I barely have anything left. Oh, my wife has the expensive pieces. Should the opportunity come, I'll take them and leave on another journey. But the opportunity just doesn't seem to come.
					Gems aren't the only reason I fear my wife. While I was on my last long-term adventure, she had acquired incredible skills from Aaron, the warrior trainer. I can no longer win in a one-on-one match with her. And I can't hire someone to do my job, either. It's tough. B-but, I don't want to be called a hen-pecked husband!					Gems aren't the only reason I fear my wife. While I was on my last long-term adventure, she had acquired incredible skills from Aaron, the warrior trainer. I can no longer win in a one-on-one match with her. And I can't hire someone to do my job, either. It's tough. B-but, I don't want to be called a hen-pecked husband!		Gems aren't the only reason I fear my wife. While I was on my last long-term adventure, she had acquired incredible skills from Aaron, the warrior trainer. I can no longer win in a one-on-one match with her. And I can't hire someone to do my job, either. It's tough. B-but, I don't want to be called a hen-pecked husband!		Gems aren't the only reason I fear my wife. While I was on my last long-term adventure, she had acquired incredible skills from Aaron, the warrior trainer. I can no longer win in a one-on-one match with her. And I can't hire someone to do my job, either. It's tough. B-but, I don't want to be called a hen-pecked husband!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
48	<Merchant> Zion		<Merchant> Zion	100	I'm Zion and I'm a Merchant. Well, I'd like to call myself an inventor. There's nothing I've really invented, yet, but I do have an undying interest in inventions. Other than that...... I have nothing to say.				100	I can't decide whether I should sell something to you or not. Eh? You want to buy something? I'm quite stubborn, so if I say no, it means no. Don't bother me anymore. If you're done here, just leave!	100	Ah... I just had a good idea! Eh? Don't disturb me!	100	Ah... I just had a good idea! Eh? Don't disturb me!
					Diligence, in my opinion, is my best merit. Without it, I couldn't make it as a merchant. But I can be stubborn and not sell anything when I don't feel like it. When is that? You'll just have to find out.									
					I'm pretty quiet. I'd say it's because there's not much to say. Thinking instead of talking will give me more chances to make some good inventions.									
					I'm sure there are traces of an ancient civilization here that haven't been discovered yet. The Infinite Mill in front of Trilgard was once one of those things. I've heard a lot about it, but would like to go see it for myself sometime.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
49	<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Mecante		<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Mecante	100	I'm Mecante and I'm a warrior weapons merchant. I used to live way up north, but set out on a hunt and got charmed by the seaside view here and decided to settle down. I used to be a warrior weapons merchant back home as well, so I'm used to this work. I like the people here and also enjoy meeting travelers like you.				100	Oh no. That's quite a story you've got there. My heart is as wide as the ocean, so I'll be nice and sell something to you. But that doesn't mean I like you. My goods are expensive? Then don't buy them. I don't want to sell them.... Hmhm... How about you go and see the Pardoner?	100	I'm just out of stock.	100	I'm just out of stock.
					Delicious food and afternoon naps are my favorite. So I really don't like Pan's cooking. He's the village's one and only cook. His food may suit adventurers, but for epicures like me...... So when I really crave for some good food, I go to big cities like Kun. I'm pretty quick, so it's not that far.									
					I have the powerful ability to read people's minds. Let me read yours. Let's see. You want to buy some weapons, right? Oh, you think I'm saying that because I'm a warrior weapons merchant. Then, let me try once more... Oh, I'd love to, but I've used too much energy and I'm tired.									
					Elves may be popular to humans, but I really hate them. Do you like them? Hm. Well, if you ask why I hate them...... It's a personal thing. They once severely defeated and disgraced me. Let's just leave it at that. We're not close enough to be talking about such things.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
50	<Archer Weapons Merchant> Shakil		<Archer Weapons Merchant> Shakil	100	I'm Shakil. I'm an archer weapons merchant. They call me 'Firey Shakil' because of my temper. I don't mind the nickname, but I don't like to be mistaken for someone who loses his temper for no reason. I get angry for three reasons. When I'm lied to, talked badly about and told that merchandise better than mine can be bought at a cheaper price.				100	Eh? You really are a great sinner! I'll sell something to you, but you should've seen the Pardoner before you came to me! Go and get your Letter of Pardon! Now!	100	I won't sell to you!	100	I won't sell to you!
					I once made a lot of money. It wasn't here. But I made a mistake and lost it all. So I roamed around and recently settled down here. Thinking about back then still makes me angry. Man!									
					Do you like the sweet sound of music? I do. I like music and playing instruments, so used to collect all kinds of instruments, but I had to sell all of them when I lost my fortune. I used to have some really rare, hard to find instruments. What a shame.									
					Do you want to play an instrument? Only a few people sell instruments these days, because not many can afford to buy them. If you have some musical talent, you might want to give it a try. Someday, I hope to meet a merchant who sells instruments because, playing music might make the world a brighter place.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
51	<Magic Weapons Merchant> Charlize		<Magic Weapons Merchant> Charlize	100	I'm Charlize and I sell magic weapons. I'm originally a traveler in training. But for several reasons, I'm temporarily staying in Golundo and running a business. Maybe I have a knack for this field because business is pretty good. Sometimes, those who know me tend to look down on me, but...... Did I say my name was Charlize?				100	My items are very expensive. Do you still want to buy them? I won't stop you, but selling to you makes my conscience ache. By the way, did I mention my items were expensive?	100	Cough... cough! I'm not working today.	100	Cough... cough! I'm not working today.
					The Solcid Mountains in front of this village are renowned for their spiritual presence and are visited by many sorcerers who wish to train. I am one of them. But it's not easy because it's incredibly cold there. I guess you could say I don't have the guts.									
					Did you know that other species used to live in Golundo? But the Orcs took over and made it their home. Did I tell you that another species used to live here? They're called Yetis. But I've never seen them.									
					I'm going to be a great sorcerer! Listen carefully. I'm going to become a great sorcerer. When I do, I'll make the elves more powerful, take over most of the continent and expand my forces by taxing other species. Did I say I'm going to be a great sorcerer? That's my dream.									
					Some travelers don't pay for the merchandise they buy, no one is ever on my side in those situations. For some reason, everyone thinks I take the money and then forget right away. Huh? That's systematically impossible? Well, I still don't believe it. There's something fishy going on here.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
52	<Warrior Trainer> Bruntai		<Warrior Trainer> Bruntai	100	I'm Bruntai, a warrior trainer. I used to be an incredibly quick and skilled archer. I also know how to perform magic. I met Mecante during my travels and came all the way here. I have no regrets.				100	I can tell you how to train to improve your skills. But in the end, words are the only thing you'll get from me. I really don't want violent people killing others to sharpen their skills, you see.	100	I'm not responsible for making you stronger.	100	I'm not responsible for making you stronger.
					I'm very interested in how Humans live. The elders hate that. Brusotto, the village chief, doesn't like me much. But Orcs and Humans are no longer enemies and adventurers can come and go as they please. They have such old-fashioned minds. Or maybe conflict between species is innate.									
					I've been friends with Meccante for quite a long time. I was an archer back then, too. We used to hunt in some really far off places, crossing mountains and deserts. The desert? It's an amazing place because you can't do anything because of the heat. But the dreadful monsters are what makes the desert dangerous. They don't compare to the monsters in front of town.									
					The more efficiently a skill is used, the better the outcome. Engaging in attacking targets within range against one person may be temporarily effective, but it's not worth the mana you expend. Plus, power is distributed, so it's not as effective as using a single target skill. You can do so if you need to, but keep this in mind.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
53	<Archer Trainer> Callisto		<Archer Trainer> Callisto	100	I'm Callisto and I'm an archer trainer. I first came to be a hunter because I like meat. Haha. I eat a lot of meat, but it just costs me too much. So I decided to hunt for my meat. That's how I became an archer. Now, I'm a skills trainer. Haha.				100	I became Skill Trainer because I like meat, but I also have standards. I make it a point not to teach evil ones like you too much about skills. But I won't stop you if you still want to learn.	100	I have no skills to teach you.	100	I have no skills to teach you.
					The tougher the meat, the better. But travelers all seem to prefer tender meat. Heathens! They should just eat Pan's cooking! But his cooking is just too vile to stomach. People like him should be kicked out of this village.									
					Those who hesitate or deliberate are the people I hate the most in this world. Whichever road you choose, you have to make your choice and live with it. You may deliberate because you know that fact, but that should never be the reason for the choice. Go forward and never look back! This is my word to those who are unsure of themselves! Don't forget that any skill might be useful in the future.									
					Eating delicious meat alone isn't right. I don't mind sharing the meat that I've hunted with the villagers. Don't you think travelers should do the same? Well, I guess it is a bit unreasonable unless you're a good hunter like me and can catch a lot of meat. Haha.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
54	<Magic Trainer> Trujillo		<Magic Trainer> Trujillo	100	I'm Trujillo, a magic trainer. If you're going to underestimate me because I work in a small village, then re-think your attitude. I'm not here because I lack skills, but because I want to teach in the Solcid Mountains. Travelers like you may not know, but I'm continuously training myself. You'll never stand up to me in that respect. Do you realize that?				100	I thought people like you wouldn't come here. Our village is small. But I was mistaken. I'm not teaching magic to just anyone. If you've got a good brew on you, I might change my mind.	100	I'd rather go and train in the Solcid Mountains than trade with you!	100	I'd rather go and train in the Solcid Mountains than trade with you!
					Frankly, I don't like the people of Golundo much. Why? Because they're of a lower status. A great sorcerer like myself shouldn't have to rub elbows with such underlings. But I'm putting up with the travelers passing through because they're not that bad. Oh, one more thing. There's a guy who sells good liquor in this village. If it weren't for his drinks, I would've left here a long time ago.									
					I don't perform magic anywhere. Not only is it dangerous, but it's a waste to share my advanced skills with the inferior. Right? But I do share them sometimes when I drink and it can be dangerous. Right?									
					No wonder the skillful one takes all. Various skills acquired by practice as well as the skill of training others are important. In this respect, I'm the very best. My training is the greatest and most effective.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
55	<Safe Keeper> Tess		<Safe Keeper> Tess	100	I'm Tess, a safe keeper. (coughs) I can't become a sorcerer because I'm weak, I barely manage guarding safes. (coughs) I used to make safes using the skills I learned from Gnomes. I made sturdy safes that last forever and safely store traveler's things. (coughs)				100	Yes, my storage is safe. But your items... cough, cough... might not to be so safe here. Cough. I'm not saying something might happen, but who knows? Cough, cough.	100	Cough, cough. I'm very sick, so please hurry up and leave.	100	Cough, cough. I'm very sick, so please hurry up and leave.
					A weak Orc gets ignored. (coughs) I once lived in Kuhn for a while, but couldn't survive in a city of warriors. (coughs) I guess you'll go there someday. If so, be very careful. If you get hurt and show weakness, the ferocious will... (coughs)									
					After guarding safes for such a long time, I've come to know most travelers tastes. Some just store money, some get attached to the Elemental Stones and some store anything they don't use in the safe. They all have different reasons, but most of them don't make efficient use of the safe.									
					Why am I in this cold place when I'm weak? I heard the cold makes you stronger. (coughs) I do wonder if it's true, but I've tried all sorts of things and they never worked. (coughs) Plus, I didn't want to slack off because of my health, so I'm here.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
56	<Blacksmith> Brin Ironsmasher		<Blacksmith> Brin Ironsmasher	100	Brin Ironsmasher. Blacksmith Brinn. That's my name, friend. I'm very close with Tess. Anyone who gives her a hard time, I'll take care of. You see these thick arms? They're from wielding hammers. But what's really scary isn't my strength. It's the knowledge here inside my head. You'd be shocked if you ever found out what's inside my head.				100	What do you need? The only thing I can tell you to help is to go and see the Pardoner.	100	I'd thank you if you didn't speak to me.	100	I'd thank you if you didn't speak to me.
					I used to be an alchemist. A really good one. But it required in-depth knowledge on the Elementals Stones and I realized being a blacksmith was the perfect job for that. Now, I can pretty much do any kind of job, but I still focus on studying alchemy now and then. Someday, I'm going to make a huge alchemy laboratory in this village.									
					You know that a 'Ring of Agreement' is needed to strengthen your weapon, right? You can combine eight 'Rings of Agreement' per weapon or piece of armor. Fill each of the 'Ring of Agreement' and they become more powerful. Generally, you start with one 'Ring of Agreement' in the beginning. But you can get a lot more as you gain experience.									
					Contrary to its name, the Elemental Stone is not actually a stone. As it is created by the power of the Elementals with uniform arrangement and rules, it just looks like a stone. But, pick one up and you'll realize it weighs almost nothing. Since it is a cluster of the power of the Elementals, you can use one now, or you can also use it for some other purpose later on.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
57	<Item Trader> Morien		<Item Trader> Morien	100	Do you want to trade an item? Then you've come to the right place! Leave an item with me and you can get anything! That's right! That's the motto of Morien the item trader.				100	Are you here to trade? Hmm... I don't really feel like it, but if you don't steal anything, we could trade....	100	Argh! Go!	100	Argh! Go!
					Someone who handles a lot of good items must be ready to flee at anytime. Those who are lacking in skills are always after me and my things. If they come after me, I'll just run like the wind.									
					Now and then, I get sleepy. But I must stay alert since I have many expensive items to look after. Yup!									
					I dare not say I'm totally diligent, I enjoy life too much. That's me!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
58	<Alchemist> Bura		<Alchemist> Bura	100	My name is Bura. Do you wish to know about alchemy? Well, I won't tell you! Oh, I'm just joking.				100	My name is Bura. Do you wish to know about alchemy? Well, I won't tell you! Oh, I'm just joking.	100	My name is Bura. Do you wish to know about alchemy? Well, I won't tell you! Oh, I'm just joking.	100	My name is Bura. Do you wish to know about alchemy? Well, I won't tell you! Oh, I'm just joking.
					Why do you look so cocky? Do you underestimate the power of alchemy? Then, I won't teach you, no matter what. Oh, I'm just kidding.					Why do you look so cocky? Do you underestimate the power of alchemy? Then, I won't teach you, no matter what. Oh, I'm just kidding.		Why do you look so cocky? Do you underestimate the power of alchemy? Then, I won't teach you, no matter what. Oh, I'm just kidding.		Why do you look so cocky? Do you underestimate the power of alchemy? Then, I won't teach you, no matter what. Oh, I'm just kidding.
					In my opinion, no one takes the world more seriously than alchemists. This isn't a joke. Can't you see the serious look in my eyes? They're not serious? How could you say that?					In my opinion, no one takes the world more seriously than alchemists. This isn't a joke. Can't you see the serious look in my eyes? They're not serious? How could you say that?		In my opinion, no one takes the world more seriously than alchemists. This isn't a joke. Can't you see the serious look in my eyes? They're not serious? How could you say that?		In my opinion, no one takes the world more seriously than alchemists. This isn't a joke. Can't you see the serious look in my eyes? They're not serious? How could you say that?
					You might think Golundo doesn't have much to do with alchemy. But since it's a required stopover for beginner travelers, I'd say it doesn't hurt for me to be here. Don't you agree?					You might think Golundo doesn't have much to do with alchemy. But since it's a required stopover for beginner travelers, I'd say it doesn't hurt for me to be here. Don't you agree?		You might think Golundo doesn't have much to do with alchemy. But since it's a required stopover for beginner travelers, I'd say it doesn't hurt for me to be here. Don't you agree?		You might think Golundo doesn't have much to do with alchemy. But since it's a required stopover for beginner travelers, I'd say it doesn't hurt for me to be here. Don't you agree?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
59	<Cook> Pan		<Cook> Pan	100	I'm Pan, a cook. For generations, my family's been in the martial arts. So despite my job, I have little interest in being a cook. Cooking, geez. Food is all the same. But I do need to make a living, so I offer my services to travelers.				100	I'm Pan, a cook. For generations, my family's been in the martial arts. So despite my job, I have little interest in being a cook. Cooking, geez. Food is all the same. But I do need to make a living, so I offer my services to travelers.	100	I'm Pan, a cook. For generations, my family's been in the martial arts. So despite my job, I have little interest in being a cook. Cooking, geez. Food is all the same. But I do need to make a living, so I offer my services to travelers.	100	I'm Pan, a cook. For generations, my family's been in the martial arts. So despite my job, I have little interest in being a cook. Cooking, geez. Food is all the same. But I do need to make a living, so I offer my services to travelers.
					My favorite dish is boar barbecue made by boiling an entire boar covered in mud, letting the fat drain out and then applying another layer of mud and barbecuing it. It may sound weird, but it's amazing. It's one of my signature dishes that only I know how to make.					My favorite dish is boar barbecue made by boiling an entire boar covered in mud, letting the fat drain out and then applying another layer of mud and barbecuing it. It may sound weird, but it's amazing. It's one of my signature dishes that only I know how to make.		My favorite dish is boar barbecue made by boiling an entire boar covered in mud, letting the fat drain out and then applying another layer of mud and barbecuing it. It may sound weird, but it's amazing. It's one of my signature dishes that only I know how to make.		My favorite dish is boar barbecue made by boiling an entire boar covered in mud, letting the fat drain out and then applying another layer of mud and barbecuing it. It may sound weird, but it's amazing. It's one of my signature dishes that only I know how to make.
					Hey, are you a traveler? Seeing travelers everyday, I can normally pick them out. Being a traveler isn't a job. You people roam around in packs, not contributing to society like I do. It doesn't look good. Tsk, tsk.					Hey, are you a traveler? Seeing travelers everyday, I can normally pick them out. Being a traveler isn't a job. You people roam around in packs, not contributing to society like I do. It doesn't look good. Tsk, tsk.		Hey, are you a traveler? Seeing travelers everyday, I can normally pick them out. Being a traveler isn't a job. You people roam around in packs, not contributing to society like I do. It doesn't look good. Tsk, tsk.		Hey, are you a traveler? Seeing travelers everyday, I can normally pick them out. Being a traveler isn't a job. You people roam around in packs, not contributing to society like I do. It doesn't look good. Tsk, tsk.
					Since the official report was sent from the big city, travelers are strictly prohibited from offering bribes to merchants like us. Gosh, it used to be pretty profitable, nowadays there's no fun. Why would they issue such a report? Hopefully, it will be revoked someday.					Since the official report was sent from the big city, travelers are strictly prohibited from offering bribes to merchants like us. Gosh, it used to be pretty profitable, nowadays there's no fun. Why would they issue such a report? Hopefully, it will be revoked someday.		Since the official report was sent from the big city, travelers are strictly prohibited from offering bribes to merchants like us. Gosh, it used to be pretty profitable, nowadays there's no fun. Why would they issue such a report? Hopefully, it will be revoked someday.		Since the official report was sent from the big city, travelers are strictly prohibited from offering bribes to merchants like us. Gosh, it used to be pretty profitable, nowadays there's no fun. Why would they issue such a report? Hopefully, it will be revoked someday.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
60	<Adventurer> Tickle		<Adventurer> Tickle	100	When they mention the best hunter in this village, they're talking about me. I'm Tickle, the great hunter. There's nothing I can't do, it's like the whole world is mine. All adventurers and travelers like you are probably just jealous of me.				100	When they mention the best hunter in this village, they're talking about me. I'm Tickle, the great hunter. There's nothing I can't do, it's like the whole world is mine. All adventurers and travelers like you are probably just jealous of me.	100	When they mention the best hunter in this village, they're talking about me. I'm Tickle, the great hunter. There's nothing I can't do, it's like the whole world is mine. All adventurers and travelers like you are probably just jealous of me.	100	When they mention the best hunter in this village, they're talking about me. I'm Tickle, the great hunter. There's nothing I can't do, it's like the whole world is mine. All adventurers and travelers like you are probably just jealous of me.
					I don't have much material wealth. But I do make a good living teaching some of my skills to travelers. My life may seem like a joke to those who prize money and gems. But I'm satisfied and that's all that matters.					I don't have much material wealth. But I do make a good living teaching some of my skills to travelers. My life may seem like a joke to those who prize money and gems. But I'm satisfied and that's all that matters.		I don't have much material wealth. But I do make a good living teaching some of my skills to travelers. My life may seem like a joke to those who prize money and gems. But I'm satisfied and that's all that matters.		I don't have much material wealth. But I do make a good living teaching some of my skills to travelers. My life may seem like a joke to those who prize money and gems. But I'm satisfied and that's all that matters.
					I hate it when things don't work out the way you expect them to. I'm not much of a planner, but I don't like unexpected situations. For example, you thought a wild boar would die with one arrow, but it dashes toward you with the arrow inside it. Or when you catch a deer that's smaller than you expected. Anyway, I am thrown off by those kinds of situations. Yeah, it really confounds me. Gosh.					I hate it when things don't work out the way you expect them to. I'm not much of a planner, but I don't like unexpected situations. For example, you thought a wild boar would die with one arrow, but it dashes toward you with the arrow inside it. Or when you catch a deer that's smaller than you expected. Anyway, I am thrown off by those kinds of situations. Yeah, it really confounds me. Gosh.		I hate it when things don't work out the way you expect them to. I'm not much of a planner, but I don't like unexpected situations. For example, you thought a wild boar would die with one arrow, but it dashes toward you with the arrow inside it. Or when you catch a deer that's smaller than you expected. Anyway, I am thrown off by those kinds of situations. Yeah, it really confounds me. Gosh.		I hate it when things don't work out the way you expect them to. I'm not much of a planner, but I don't like unexpected situations. For example, you thought a wild boar would die with one arrow, but it dashes toward you with the arrow inside it. Or when you catch a deer that's smaller than you expected. Anyway, I am thrown off by those kinds of situations. Yeah, it really confounds me. Gosh.
					It's weird how there are more monsters than there are deer or boars these days. At this rate, we'll make more money hunting monsters than wild animals.  However, monsters don't give you hide or meat.					It's weird how there are more monsters than there are deer or boars these days. At this rate, we'll make more money hunting monsters than wild animals.  However, monsters don't give you hide or meat.		It's weird how there are more monsters than there are deer or boars these days. At this rate, we'll make more money hunting monsters than wild animals.  However, monsters don't give you hide or meat.		It's weird how there are more monsters than there are deer or boars these days. At this rate, we'll make more money hunting monsters than wild animals.  However, monsters don't give you hide or meat.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
61	<Merchant> Gutsera		<Merchant> Gutsera	100	I'm Gutsera and I'm a merchant. Do you have money? If you do and there's something you want, just tell me. I'll give you a good deal. Of course, people don't seem to believe me when I say that. One more thing. Beware of pickpockets in this city.				100	Hmm... Do you have money? Then feel free to look around. If you're done buying, you should visit the Pardoner.	100	It's not that I don't like to earn money, but I can't sell anything to you.	100	It's not that I don't like to earn money, but I can't sell anything to you.
					Geez. The skilled are always envied. There's so much I did in this city and other merchants don't seem to like me much. They say it's because my business does well. Money is what's most important to a merchant, not acknowledgement! No one helped me when I was in debt so they have no right to judge me.									
					My potions are the best-selling medicines. Life potion and mana potion are essential for battle. But when your level increases, you need to carry potions that have better recovery effects. Fighting monsters will deplete your potions quicker than you may think, so be sure to buy enough.									
					Merchants make a pretty good living in Kuhn because there are so many warriors. Armor and weapons aren't damaged easily, but it's different with potions. So many people talk about me behind my back about all the money I've made but I can't leave because I haven't found a site better than this. So, for the time being, I'll stay amongst these losers.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
62	<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Azmaul		<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Azmaul	100	(Sniff, sniff.) I'm Azmaul, a warrior weigher, I mean warrior weapons merchant. I once used to be a famous wallet, err... warrior in this town. When I went out to fight, everyone fell to the ground. Huh? So why am I only a warrior weapons merchant now? Well...... We all have our treasons. I mean reasons. So don't ask.				100	Uhm... Well... are you... a bandit...? Hmm... I really... really don't want to... sell... anything... to... you.... But I guess... Well if you insist I must do so.... I never want to see you again afterwards.	100	No matter how bad my memory is... I'm not going to sell anything to you!	100	No matter how bad my memory is... I'm not going to sell anything to you!
					There was a woman I really liked. But she said she hated me because I was stupid. Am I that stupid? Well, I became a merchant so I could acquire some intelligence. I'm doing okay, but I'm having a hard time memorizing the prices. It's tough.									
					Uh...... Well...... The price of this sword is...... It's...... Gosh, it's hard. The merchandise keeps coming in, but I can't remember the prices. Sometimes, I get the figures wrong. Fortunately, I haven't seen any significant losses, but I can't afford to go on like this. Golly... I need a wife to help me out with all of this.									
					Some try to trick me because I'm bad with numbers and it's really not nice. They're dead if I catch them. Azmaul is the greatest warrior alive. You're not trying to trick me, too, are you? If you are... You'll die by my hands. Got it? Cross me and I'll crush you.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
63	<Warrior Armor Merchant> Odon		<Warrior Armor Merchant> Odon	100	Good to meet you, I'm Odon and I'm a Warrior Armor Merchant. You will never get out of this city unless you buy some of my armor. I sell only the best, so you must buy some. If anyone looks to bargain with me, I give them a good beating. Are you going to bargain, too? Don't even think about it!				100	I can't sell anything to you. It's not that I wouldn't like to, though. It's quite ridiculous saying that but... anyway... I can't really sell anything to you.	100	I won't sell anything to you.	100	I won't sell anything to you.
					Have you heard any rumors about me? Oh, it's true that I am being punished. But, there is no reason to follow the Mayor's rules. People only follow the rules because the Mayor says he'll turn us into rats if we don't. You'll see.. When my punishment is over, my boys and I will bring hell to this city!									
					Less loss and more profit. That's the bottom line for a merchant, isn't it? Who says I can't hoard merchandise at cheap prices and sell it when I want? What? The quality of the armor? Who cares? 90% of all travelers wearing armor and carrying weapons die because of monsters. The 10% that survive are the ones with real skills. It's not about the quality of the armor. That's just an excuse. So it doesn't matter if it's cheap.									
					When the day comes for me to leave this city, I'll give Thor what he deserves. Just like a coward, he shot his bow at me. What? What's cowardly about an archer shooting his bow? So it's okay for him to shoot his bow at anyone? Well, in my eyes he is a coward no matter what anyone says. Just wait and see.. I'll give him what he deserves!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
64	<Archer Weapons Merchant> Thor		<Archer Weapons Merchant> Thor	100	I'm Thor and I sell bows. I haven't always just been a merchant. My dream is as big as the big, blue sky. But I'm just keeping a low profile at the moment for many reasons. This city is small and so is Trilgard. In fact this continent is just too small for me. Hm, I see I've talked too much about myself.				100	If I had got an Archon, I'd have gotten rid of everyone who was in my way. But you changed my mind all of a sudden. Do you want to go out and kill with my weapons? Then you'll have to deal with me first!	100	It'd be nice if you went somewhere else.	100	It'd be nice if you went somewhere else.
					I really don't get along with Odon. I never liked his conceited attitude and to make it worse, he invaded my man's territory. He was creating too much trouble in the city, so I decided to chase him. The mayor glared at me, saying I should've been more discreet. I didn't get punished, but I need to at least pretend I'm a good citizen before I get kicked out. Geez.									
					If I obtain the Archons, the first thing I'll do is to round up all the obstructers and get rid of them at once. Orthon's on top of the list, then there's the mayor, Asku and Mirku and even the guards. Anyway, anyone that's acted up to me will be...  You watch out, too.									
					Travelers these days are no fun, they used to like it when I sang or played the harp. But these days they all stare at me arrogantly, dressed in their armor and holding their weapons. The world has changed, everyone's so conceited now. ... What? You side with travelers like them? Oh well, you travelers are all the same.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
65	<Archer Armor Merchant> Vortok		<Archer Armor Merchant> Vortok	100	I'm Vortok and I sell armor to archers. I used to be a warrior, but I started collecting armor and came to have this job. I've collected more than 10,000 pieces of armor as a hobby. The armor I sell is as good as any in my private collection, so feel free to buy some.				100	It makes me dizzy just to think of the people who might get hurt by you wearing my armor. Should I sell something to you...? I'm worried.... Hmm... Well, now you don't want to buy anymore, do you?	100	Are you here to buy armor? I can't sell anything to you.	100	Are you here to buy armor? I can't sell anything to you.
					A bow? I have no idea how to shoot one. Like I said, I used to be a warrior. I used to wield a wooden sword quite well. I miss those days. But I'm satisfied with my life and have no intention of giving up this job. Even if I do, I'll just keep doing what I'm doing until then. So feel free to look around and buy something.									
					I heard something really disturbing a while ago. Our mayor Dason told me to find a mate for our species. How could he be so old fashioned? He said it right in front of me. I really hate men, certainly no traveler, or even a hero is good enough to earn my attention.									
					Good armor must not only be light and strong, but comfortable to wear. No armor is perfect, but it must have good ventilation and prevent dehydration even after long hours of use. Excessive adornment on an armor may be suitable for decoration, but can be bad for actual battle. Don't worry about my armor.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
66	<Magic Weapons Merchant> Denephel		<Magic Weapons Merchant> Denephel	100	I'm Denephel and I sell magic weapons. I used to be a sorcerer, but was ordered by my master to sell magic goods here. My master? He's at the Elf Village. According to him, I need to sell a certain amount of weapons in order to learn magic at the next level. He's always right, so I trust him.				100	Every time someone like you comes here, I remember my master's words.... Ah, right. He told me to look at a person's character before I sell them anything. Otherwise, I'll end up selling good things to bad people. This seems to be one of those cases.	100	My master told me not to sell people like you anything.	100	My master told me not to sell people like you anything.
					My master's a great person. One word from him and all the elves will do as he says. They're not just doing it because he says it, but they follow because they know he's right. But other species have probably never heard of him. It's because he's a sorcerer that lives in seclusion. Doesn't that alone make him a great person?									
					Of all the sales strategies my master taught me, there's one I can't understand. Care to hear about it? 'If you have product A, which is expensive, and product B, which is less expensive but looks almost like product A, buy product B and give it to those who are looking to spend more money.' What does that mean? I can't understand. Maybe I don't have a mind for business?									
					While hunting monsters, you'll sometimes find that they drop weapons they've stolen from travelers. Those weapons don't differ much from the ones I sell. So the more weapons they drop, the sadder I get. That would end up disappointing my master.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
67	<Magic Armor Merchant> Nuru		<Magic Armor Merchant> Nuru	100	I'm Nuru, a magic armor merchant. This shop wasn't originally mine, the owner gave it to me when he died. The villagers commend me on my work, but I sometimes leave out important things because of my forgetfulness. It's a problem.				100	My master told me on his deathbed not to sell armor to those who kill others. And now seems to be one of those times.... But if you don't trash my store, I could reconsider selling you something.	100	I won't sell anything to you.	100	I won't sell anything to you.
					I'm so forgetful. Sometimes I hold something in my left hand but look for it in my right hand, but I have to work to put food on the table for 13 family members. It's important if you don't want to be looked down upon in a big city like this.									
					Those who don't like me say I killed the owner and stole his assets. And they try to steal my shop, too. It's very bad. I worked hard and the owner acknowledged me for it. I, Nuru, will keep this shop no matter who comes. It's everything to me.									
					By my name, I sell only the best magic armor. Wearing my armor will give you a definite advantage in battle. Don't compare mine with those of other travelers. My armor is the best and I'm proud of that.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
68	<Warrior Trainer> Seshi		<Warrior Trainer> Seshi	100	I'm Seshi and I teach warrior skills to travelers. I'm originally from Trilgard, but set off on a journey due to some personal reasons. I eventually ran out of money and ended up here. I need to make as much money as possible in the shortest amount of time, so I work really hard.				100	I don't want to teach you, but since I need money, I'll still do it. It'll be a little expensive, though. You don't have to, if you don't like it....	100	A... criminal...? You better watch your back.	100	A... criminal...? You better watch your back.
					Deception and backstabbing are an embarrassing trait for a warrior. My colleague, with whom I was traveling, left me and fled when we were in a pinch. I barely managed to survive and am now scouring all of Chantra to find him. But I haven't been successful so far.									
					I love bounty hunts because not only can you make money, but you can also show off your skills. Do you know which criminal has the biggest bounty in Trilgard? It's Usus, the one who created all the trouble a year ago. It's been a year since he disappeared, but no one has even seen his shadow yet.									
					The monsters seem to be acting weird lately. What else can we do other than hunt them down? If you ask me trying to find out what's controlling them, etc. is not our job. There's only one thing that me or you, or anyone should worry about, and that's yourself. That's the way I see it.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
69	<Archer Trainer> Vanita		<Archer Trainer> Vanita	100	I'm Vanita, an archer trainer. One's archery skills don't just get better from learning, but are based on the archer's attitude and mind. Do you wish to learn a skill? Then practice hard. Don't think about coming to me unless you're prepared for some tough training.				100	I'm a very strict teacher. And I'm even stricter with you. If you're only half-hearted about it, I wouldn't mind if you went elsewhere. That would be better for me anyway.	100	I don't have anything else to say, so please leave.	100	I don't have anything else to say, so please leave.
					I hate travelers who try to sponge off others. Some of this city's so-called warriors are like this. You should know how to take care of your own problems. They need to change their attitudes. I hate being around such people even for a second.									
					...... Don't disturb me. I'm focusing my mind.									
					Have you heard of the saying 'one arrow can save a country?' It means that even small things can achieve big results. But it also refers to the greatness of an archer. I like this saying.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
70	<Magic Trainer> Vaihal		<Magic Trainer> Vaihal	100	I'm Vaihal, a magic trainer. Ceci is my little sister. I came all the way here after she disappeared from the city. Why am I following her? To take her back home. Her talents don't only lie in being a skill trainer. She's needed to create a stronger Trilgard. That's how talented she is.				100	I have no idea what brought you here. But I hope you'll see the Pardoner as soon as you're done learning skills from me. Even though you say you don't trust others... I don't think others would trust you either.	100	What do you want here?	100	What do you want here?
					The world has changed quite a bit. Everything is messed up since rumors about the Archlord have been spreading. Nothing's going the way people planned, dangerous gangs roam the streets and the people are panic-stricken. But we have yet to see a hero. Research is vital for the development of magic, but I don't know what the fate of our research is now.									
					Training your mind and body is foremost in training in magic skills. Nothing can be done once your physical strength drops to rock bottom. So I keep healthy by regularly eating tasty dishes. Eating food can temporarily boost your life. But I admit my sister thinks I'm obsessed with eating.									
					Kuhn is very unstable; with one complication on top of another, things could get quite dangerous. Two civil militias are up against each other in the castle. The external manpower, which is basically our main military power, is worn down from fighting against the mercenaries and assassins but I have less to worry about since no one really cares about sorcerers.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
71	<Safe Keeper> Koppo		<Safe Keeper> Koppo	100	I'm Koppo, a safe keeper. I'm quite influential, the most famous citizen and an essential part of this city. It wouldn't be an overstatement to say that most of the money flowing through this city is mine. There are many who owe me money and Gutsera is one of them. Everyone serves me like I'm a king.				100	Looks are one thing, but your inside is rotten. If I stored your items, I'd feel dirty, too. Do you still want to leave them here?	100	Do you want to store items?	100	Do you want to store items?
					Hey, what's with your attire? I don't like people who are sloppy dressers. Adventurers and travelers get a chance to cross rivers and lakes now and then. Couldn't you have washed yourself then? I think my safe would be filthy if I kept your goods!									
					One of my hobbies is to carefully clean the items stored in my safe. They're not mine, but I can't stand them getting dirty while being inside my safe. Some people don't like it. But then, they can find another safe. At least they should know their possessions are safe and clean with me.									
					I don't care for foreign cultures or other races. I don't like our culture being invaded by them. I couldn't care less about cultural exchange between species. All that's left is culture that's dirty like trash. I hate how Orcs are no longer like Orcs these days.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
72	<Blacksmith> Tol Dulead		<Blacksmith> Tol Dulead	100	Lalala. I'm Tol Dulhead. I'm the city's blacksmith and the best blacksmith in the country. Lululu. Come see me anytime when you need to strengthen your items. I'll show you my stuff. You look like a pretty talented traveler. I guess you'll need armor or weapons?				100	Lululu... So let's start working.... Eh? Is there something you want from me? Oh, you're here to get stuff fixed.... It's none of my business, but you should consider visiting the Pardoner. He might help you.	100	Lululu... Oh no! Talking to you has put me in a bad mood! Help me be happy again and get out of my sight!	100	Lululu... Oh no! Talking to you has put me in a bad mood! Help me be happy again and get out of my sight!
					Lululu. My brother lives in Trilgard and his name is Dil Hammerpole. I'm on good terms with him and we're neck and neck in terms of skill. We're rivals. Lululu. But we don't hold any animosity towards each other. We can't help but acknowledge each other's talents. But someday I'll be the best.									
					Lululu. Have you ever thought about this while traveling? Ever thought about why Gnomes just work as blacksmiths or as armor merchants? Well, it's because Gnomes are born blacksmiths. There are pretty good blacksmiths among other species, too, but not nearly as good as us.									
					Blacksmiths used to fix things. But with so many people doing two jobs, we're doing less and less repair work. Never mind, I still feel good because I know I've got skills! Hehehe. Let's start another day!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
73	<Guild Registrar> Lagran		<Guild Registrar> Lagran	100	Do you wish to join a guild? Then you're wise to come to see me, Lagran, the guild registrar. Guilds link travelers together, so it's good to be part of one. Even the smallest group can help in dangerous situations. I know better than anyone else because I've traveled a lot as well.									
					Guilds used to be unfamiliar to Orcs, who were used to fighting alone. We simply borrowed this from the humans. We can't help but admit that, although some warriors deny it. Well, does it matter? If it works, it works.									
					Small animals are on the verge of extinction due to the rage of monsters. Ferocious beasts or big herbivores are maintaining their habitat by living in groups. But it's hard to see animals like squirrels or rabbits now. I'd like to say that it's great since I hate small animals! But the big animals are slowly disappearing as well.									
					As a guild registrar, I can't remember all the travelers under my supervision. There are too many. But I know that memorizing as many as I can creates less problems. So I give each traveler a special nickname to help me remember them better. For you, let's see. How about raccoon tail? Huh? You don't like it?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
74	<Item Trader> Oxior		<Item Trader> Oxior	100	I'm Oxior and I trade items. Hm. Your items aren't that bad. Do you wish to leave them with me? I'll hold onto them and sell them at a good price for you!				100	Your things look good. Though, that doesn't mean you look good. I'll trade with you for your items, but only this once.	100	No matter how good your items are, I won't trade with you!	100	No matter how good your items are, I won't trade with you!
					Be careful not to buy something just because it looks good. You may run short on money. Even if an item trader doesn't con a traveler, if the traveler doesn't control their spending, it's easy to go broke.									
					Item traders in all cities exchange information with each other, so it's possible to do business with pretty much any trader. That's a great advantage.									
					You need not come see us to sell an item. Just register it into your inventory. Haven't you heard of this?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
75	<Alchemist> Montro		<Alchemist> Montro	100	I'm Montro, a failed alchemist. Gosh...... My entire life is a failure. I've been unsuccessful for ten years and it's just recently that I barely managed to settle down. I didn't start this with money or fame in mind. But I realized it's necessary to spread the word about my existence as long as I live here. Whew...... Things really are hopeless.				100	I'm Montro, a failed alchemist. Gosh...... My entire life is a failure. I've been unsuccessful for ten years and it's just recently that I barely managed to settle down. I didn't start this with money or fame in mind. But I realized it's necessary to spread the word about my existence as long as I live here. Whew...... Things really are hopeless.	100	I'm Montro, a failed alchemist. Gosh...... My entire life is a failure. I've been unsuccessful for ten years and it's just recently that I barely managed to settle down. I didn't start this with money or fame in mind. But I realized it's necessary to spread the word about my existence as long as I live here. Whew...... Things really are hopeless.	100	I'm Montro, a failed alchemist. Gosh...... My entire life is a failure. I've been unsuccessful for ten years and it's just recently that I barely managed to settle down. I didn't start this with money or fame in mind. But I realized it's necessary to spread the word about my existence as long as I live here. Whew...... Things really are hopeless.
					Capital is needed in order to continue alchemy. But I have nothing, so I'm no different than Abrach. At least he begs for money. I don't know what I'm doing. Living like this is really pathetic. Oh, I really must be cursed.					Capital is needed in order to continue alchemy. But I have nothing, so I'm no different than Abrach. At least he begs for money. I don't know what I'm doing. Living like this is really pathetic. Oh, I really must be cursed.		Capital is needed in order to continue alchemy. But I have nothing, so I'm no different than Abrach. At least he begs for money. I don't know what I'm doing. Living like this is really pathetic. Oh, I really must be cursed.		Capital is needed in order to continue alchemy. But I have nothing, so I'm no different than Abrach. At least he begs for money. I don't know what I'm doing. Living like this is really pathetic. Oh, I really must be cursed.
					These days, I'm considering doing anything that's profitable, that's why I opened a shop here. Explaining this is making me depressed though.					These days, I'm considering doing anything that's profitable, that's why I opened a shop here. Explaining this is making me depressed though.		These days, I'm considering doing anything that's profitable, that's why I opened a shop here. Explaining this is making me depressed though.		These days, I'm considering doing anything that's profitable, that's why I opened a shop here. Explaining this is making me depressed though.
					The depth of alchemy cannot be measured. Just think of this as a place that manufactures tools, which make travelers' journeys better. Well, I'm thinking of making money and getting back on my feet.					The depth of alchemy cannot be measured. Just think of this as a place that manufactures tools, which make travelers' journeys better. Well, I'm thinking of making money and getting back on my feet.		The depth of alchemy cannot be measured. Just think of this as a place that manufactures tools, which make travelers' journeys better. Well, I'm thinking of making money and getting back on my feet.		The depth of alchemy cannot be measured. Just think of this as a place that manufactures tools, which make travelers' journeys better. Well, I'm thinking of making money and getting back on my feet.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
76	<Cook> Gult		<Cook> Gult	100	I'm the only cook in this village. I don't worry much about the taste of my food because warriors pretty much eat anything. But that doesn't mean I'm not a good cook. My rule is to use as many ingredients as necessary. And creating just the right taste is also a way to save time. It seems you know a bit about cooking.				100	I'm the only cook in this village. I don't worry much about the taste of my food because warriors pretty much eat anything. But that doesn't mean I'm not a good cook. My rule is to use as many ingredients as necessary. And creating just the right taste is also a way to save time. It seems you know a bit about cooking.	100	I'm the only cook in this village. I don't worry much about the taste of my food because warriors pretty much eat anything. But that doesn't mean I'm not a good cook. My rule is to use as many ingredients as necessary. And creating just the right taste is also a way to save time. It seems you know a bit about cooking.	100	I'm the only cook in this village. I don't worry much about the taste of my food because warriors pretty much eat anything. But that doesn't mean I'm not a good cook. My rule is to use as many ingredients as necessary. And creating just the right taste is also a way to save time. It seems you know a bit about cooking.
					You know when travelers are really annoying? When they aren't interested in my food, they just stare at me. What do they take me for? I only deal with those I find worthy, not just anyone. Haha.					You know when travelers are really annoying? When they aren't interested in my food, they just stare at me. What do they take me for? I only deal with those I find worthy, not just anyone. Haha.		You know when travelers are really annoying? When they aren't interested in my food, they just stare at me. What do they take me for? I only deal with those I find worthy, not just anyone. Haha.		You know when travelers are really annoying? When they aren't interested in my food, they just stare at me. What do they take me for? I only deal with those I find worthy, not just anyone. Haha.
					The bad thing about Golundo is that it's so secluded. You have to go all the way to Kun for ingredients. So Oxior goes between Kun and here for me. Of course, it's also to get supplies that he needs, but I'm still grateful. But I don't have any feelings for him beyond that. Nope, nooo way!					The bad thing about Golundo is that it's so secluded. You have to go all the way to Kun for ingredients. So Oxior goes between Kun and here for me. Of course, it's also to get supplies that he needs, but I'm still grateful. But I don't have any feelings for him beyond that. Nope, nooo way!		The bad thing about Golundo is that it's so secluded. You have to go all the way to Kun for ingredients. So Oxior goes between Kun and here for me. Of course, it's also to get supplies that he needs, but I'm still grateful. But I don't have any feelings for him beyond that. Nope, nooo way!		The bad thing about Golundo is that it's so secluded. You have to go all the way to Kun for ingredients. So Oxior goes between Kun and here for me. Of course, it's also to get supplies that he needs, but I'm still grateful. But I don't have any feelings for him beyond that. Nope, nooo way!
					The cold snow of Golundo is also quite tasty. Does snow have a taste? Of course. To a cook, there's nothing in the world that doesn't have some sort of taste. Rocks and even dirt have taste. It's our job to study how we're going to use such flavors.					The cold snow of Golundo is also quite tasty. Does snow have a taste? Of course. To a cook, there's nothing in the world that doesn't have some sort of taste. Rocks and even dirt have taste. It's our job to study how we're going to use such flavors.		The cold snow of Golundo is also quite tasty. Does snow have a taste? Of course. To a cook, there's nothing in the world that doesn't have some sort of taste. Rocks and even dirt have taste. It's our job to study how we're going to use such flavors.		The cold snow of Golundo is also quite tasty. Does snow have a taste? Of course. To a cook, there's nothing in the world that doesn't have some sort of taste. Rocks and even dirt have taste. It's our job to study how we're going to use such flavors.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
77	<Adventurer> Fodon		<Adventurer> Fodon	100	I'm Fodon, a true adventurer. But this place...... It's just not the right place for an adventurer! All I see are warriors that aren't very intelligent. An adventurer needs both strength and intelligence. Just being tough doesn't do it. You need to be intelligent like me.				100	I'm Fodon, a true adventurer. But this place...... It's just not the right place for an adventurer! All I see are warriors that aren't very intelligent. An adventurer needs both strength and intelligence. Just being tough doesn't do it. You need to be intelligent like me.	100	I'm Fodon, a true adventurer. But this place...... It's just not the right place for an adventurer! All I see are warriors that aren't very intelligent. An adventurer needs both strength and intelligence. Just being tough doesn't do it. You need to be intelligent like me.	100	I'm Fodon, a true adventurer. But this place...... It's just not the right place for an adventurer! All I see are warriors that aren't very intelligent. An adventurer needs both strength and intelligence. Just being tough doesn't do it. You need to be intelligent like me.
					An adventurer is a romantic. You need to know about everything, sometimes you have to be strong as the waves, yet be soft and tender like seedlings in the spring when needed. Know that being rigid all the time will lead you to your downfall. You're a traveler, so keep that in mind.					An adventurer is a romantic. You need to know about everything, sometimes you have to be strong as the waves, yet be soft and tender like seedlings in the spring when needed. Know that being rigid all the time will lead you to your downfall. You're a traveler, so keep that in mind.		An adventurer is a romantic. You need to know about everything, sometimes you have to be strong as the waves, yet be soft and tender like seedlings in the spring when needed. Know that being rigid all the time will lead you to your downfall. You're a traveler, so keep that in mind.		An adventurer is a romantic. You need to know about everything, sometimes you have to be strong as the waves, yet be soft and tender like seedlings in the spring when needed. Know that being rigid all the time will lead you to your downfall. You're a traveler, so keep that in mind.
					All men find me perfect, but I have no interest in my own romance. I prefer watching from the side. Take this city for example. So many unfortunate lovers have entered my gazes. One of them is Oxior. I'm sure you've felt it while talking to her.					All men find me perfect, but I have no interest in my own romance. I prefer watching from the side. Take this city for example. So many unfortunate lovers have entered my gazes. One of them is Oxior. I'm sure you've felt it while talking to her.		All men find me perfect, but I have no interest in my own romance. I prefer watching from the side. Take this city for example. So many unfortunate lovers have entered my gazes. One of them is Oxior. I'm sure you've felt it while talking to her.		All men find me perfect, but I have no interest in my own romance. I prefer watching from the side. Take this city for example. So many unfortunate lovers have entered my gazes. One of them is Oxior. I'm sure you've felt it while talking to her.
					I hate the fact that it's hard to differentiate soldiers from adventurers. Sometimes Dason makes the same mistake and tells me to do this and that. It makes me angry to be treated that way, but I don't express my anger because I know he's not a bad guy. Plus, getting angry often goes against the way of an adventurer.					I hate the fact that it's hard to differentiate soldiers from adventurers. Sometimes Dason makes the same mistake and tells me to do this and that. It makes me angry to be treated that way, but I don't express my anger because I know he's not a bad guy. Plus, getting angry often goes against the way of an adventurer.		I hate the fact that it's hard to differentiate soldiers from adventurers. Sometimes Dason makes the same mistake and tells me to do this and that. It makes me angry to be treated that way, but I don't express my anger because I know he's not a bad guy. Plus, getting angry often goes against the way of an adventurer.		I hate the fact that it's hard to differentiate soldiers from adventurers. Sometimes Dason makes the same mistake and tells me to do this and that. It makes me angry to be treated that way, but I don't express my anger because I know he's not a bad guy. Plus, getting angry often goes against the way of an adventurer.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
78	<Merchant> Goro		<Merchant> Goro	100	I'm Goro, a Merchant! Don't underestimate me because I'm young. I have tons of guys who would give you a good beating at my say-so. Age isn't everything. I'm a genius. A prodigy.				100	Ah! Oh my... Just when no guards are in sight... Hmhm! You... you'd better not try to kill me. You're here because you need items, right? You... should go and visit the Pardoner. He'll help you!	100	Even if you're still young, that's no excuse! I don't have anything to sell to you!	100	Even if you're still young, that's no excuse! I don't have anything to sell to you!
					Hey, you. Who are you staring at? You're not? There are tons of people who're old and useless. And these people wander around calling themselves travelers and adventurers. You people still need to buy merchandise from me, so make sure you don't rub me up the wrong way.									
					Because I'm so intelligent and great, I'm escorted by Trilgard guards when I leave the city. There are so many monsters and different species that are after me. Hey, come to think of it, I shouldn't just welcome travelers like you. Gosh. I should be more careful.									
					Welcome to Trilgard. Be sure to come see me when you're here. Huh? Runerut already said the same thing? How dare he say that? Who would visit a guild leader first? You should know very well that the beginning and the end of a journey goes through a Merchant. Right?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
79	<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Traltran		<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Traltran	100	Welcome, wanderer. There isn't a weapon you can't buy here in Trilgard. These weapons may be ordinary now, but will become legendary once held in your hands. Keep in mind that you should never scrimp when buying weapons!				100	I don't care much for wanderers... here today, gone tomorrow. But if you buy a weapon from me, I'd never want to see you again. Don't buy weapons from me. If you'd listen to my advice, you'd go and see the Pardoner.	100	I don't have anything to sell to you....	100	I don't have anything to sell to you....
					Hm, I'm not originally from here, but came here to make money. Sometimes, it's necessary to live in a big city. Settling down in a place where your skills are acknowledged is quite useful for your finances. I used to be a pretty good blacksmith, but gave up my position to someone who's better than me. I'm now a warrior weapons merchant.									
					To be honest, it's not that bad. I don't like travelers of other species. I guess they don't like me, either. Anyway, the reason I'm alive like this is because they've accepted me in two regards. The first, I'm great with an axe and second, I have a great knack for choosing weapons. No one's better than I am in these two aspects.									
					The reason I opened a shop here is because of a warrior's axe I saw when I was very young. I'd never seen anything so awesome. I'd like to see it again sometime. Maybe I'll get the chance now. Heroes emerge during chaotic times, right? So many people going after the Archlord must mean that chaos is about to come.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
80	<Warrior Armor Merchant> Nurk		<Warrior Armor Merchant> Nurk	100	You've come to the right place if you're looking for a warrior armor merchant. Who are you? A traveler? An adventurer? Oh, what does it matter? I'll deal with you if you're going to buy some of my armor. But if not, I'll beat you up and kick you out of the castle. You don't think I can? I've done it before so there's no reason I can't do it now!				100	I've been involved with violence. But I never killed a life as carelessly as you do. Psh! You're angry because I spit? Then don't buy my goods. I don't want to sell them to you either.	100	Psh!	100	Psh!
					Hm. There's a special air about you. Are you a nobleman of the big city? No? Oh, you're not. I was nervous for a second. There are so many insignificant people walking around in armor. You seem like one of them.									
					I don't understand. Isn't Trilgard a symbolic city of the Orcs? Aren't only strong warriors like me worthy of staying and not the riff-raff? So I taught them a lesson and got punished for it. If Ugdrasil was alive, he would've made a different judgment.									
					I know Usus. Officially, my record's 3 fights and 3 losses. But he always cheats. Darn. I would've won if he'd been fighting fair and square. But I must acknowledge his attack on Tullan! That was worthy of an Orc! Yes indeed, it was. Haha.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
81	<Archer Weapons Merchant> Serrito		<Archer Weapons Merchant> Serrito	100	I'm Serrito, an archer weapons merchant. I'm trying my best to supply good bows in the shortest amount of time. A good weapon can be of great help to a traveler. What could be worse than having a traveler show up and say that they got hurt because of my weapons.				100	If anyone was hurt by the weapons I sold you, I'd never forgive myself. You seem to have committed great sins, so go and see the Pardoner. It'll cleanse your mind and stop you from going wrong again.	100	I have to prevent others from getting hurt. I won't sell any weapons to you.	100	I have to prevent others from getting hurt. I won't sell any weapons to you.
					I committed a grave error and was put under a spell that disables me from using one of my arms. So I can no longer hunt. But it doesn't bother me. Committing a sin again would be just as heart wrenching and sad.									
					The most important aspect when buying a bow is it must suit you. It must feel right in your hands. Never buy a bow just because it looks strong or beautiful. You'll end up making a big mistake. Keep in mind that arrows shot without caution can hurt your colleagues. I sell a fine selection of bows.									
					Crossbows allow accurate shooting, but often break down. They use machinery and some of them have quite complex structures. So sometimes, even I can't fix them. Crossbows made by Humans, who tend to like making things unnecessarily complicated, have such crossbows. Of course, I'm not trying to completely deny their weapons all together.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
82	<Archer Armor Merchant> Gott		<Archer Armor Merchant> Gott	100	Well...... I'm...... Gott, an archer armor merchant. Oh, my...... I should speak a little faster...... That's why customers seem to feel uncomfortable...... Oh, my...... I should be careful or I could lose my customers.				100	Ah... are you... here... to buy... armor? Hmm... I don't want... to sell... hmm? No... no problem... with customers.... I just... don't want... to sell... to people... like you.... Oh? You're... still here...?	100	I... don't... think... I... can... sell... anything... to... you....	100	I... don't... think... I... can... sell... anything... to... you....
					Do you like animals? I like mice...... They're small, cute, smart and helpful in many ways...... I hate cats...... They're big, heavy, mean and smelly...... But they can be useful in many ways, too...... Maybe I should raise a cat...... No, then it would eat all my mice...... I guess I won't raise a cat.									
					The residents of Trilgard don't seem to welcome outsiders even if they're Orcs. I had a hard time settling down. It was worse because I'm s-shy like this...... B-but, I was able to settle down eventually...... because everyone likes my armor.									
					Armor sales have increased recently¡¦ Umm¡¦ It's now 50 sets of armor per day¡¦ Before it used to be about 25¡¦ so it is quite an increase. This is because the information about the 'Place where the Archon is kept', is spreading very quickly between travelers in this area. We're not allowed to mention.... about it in this city....... But everyone's searching to find the Archon......									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
83	<Magic Weapons Merchant> Erval		<Magic Weapons Merchant> Erval	100	I'm Erval and I'm a magic weapons merchant. Elves are very in tune with magic because the environment we're born into is like magic. Of course, the tools made from our magic are also powerful. Don't you want to use a great weapon? Come to Erval's magic weapons shop and experience a world of wonders.				100	Understanding others leads to less fighting. But you don't seem to be understanding. It's none of my business, but maybe you should see the Pardoner. Oh, and... did you want to buy weapons? I'd rather you didn't.	100	I want to make you disappear with my magic. Ah... I don't sell weapons. Not to you!	100	I want to make you disappear with my magic. Ah... I don't sell weapons. Not to you!
					Those who sell magic tools are generally great sorcerers. I am one, too. But I had more interest in traveling the world and became a magic weapons merchant. As a merchant, I can meet lots of people. Associating with other species is fun and adds to my knowledge.									
					I wasn't too fond of Orcs. But after living here for a long time, I got used to them. They look ferocious, but understanding them will lead me to seeing their true selves. Orcs treat me with respect as well. It's all possible because we have a good understanding of each other. Do you travelers have a good understanding of each other?									
					Am I a sorcerer? Hahaha. I don't know. Elves are connected with magic, but I'm not great enough to introduce myself as a sorcerer. I am and will always be a magic weapons merchant. I find that to be enough.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
84	<Magic Armor Merchant> Pirtus		<Magic Armor Merchant> Pirtus	100	Hm, I'm Pirtus. I'm a magic armor merchant. Of all the armor I sell, there's one that cannot be destroyed by anything. 100 Gnomes worked in shifts for 100 years to make this. But there was no one worthy enough to wear it, so it eventually...... came back to me. Huh? You want to see it? Well, I don't know. Well, you see... It was just a joke.				100	Are you here to buy armor? You want to buy armor from me? Now that's a depressing thought. Oh, no I'm not joking. You just have to put up with it.	100	Don't even dare to try and buy armor from me. Just leave our village.	100	Don't even dare to try and buy armor from me. Just leave our village.
					I like joking around, but some say I'm a liar. You should just think of it as a source of energy in life rather than a lie. Jokes break the ice and make conversations possible. Think of it like that and it won't be that bad.									
					I'm hesitant about making jokes about the Archlord because travelers are very sensitive. They're all ears when you talk. I once made a joke and almost got in big trouble. So I don't make jokes about the Archlord anymore. Jokes are fun, but not when you're dead!									
					I guarantee the quality of my merchandise. I may joke around a lot and tell the occasional fib, but I don't lie about the price or quality of my items. I'm not that low. I base my prices on a set profit scale and never sell anything that's defective. I used to be a traveler myself, so know that defective items can be dangerous.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
85	<Warrior Trainer> Kildemor		<Warrior Trainer> Kildemor	100	Enjoy learning skills from the most powerful warrior! I'm Kildemor, a warrior trainer. I can make even the weakest imp into a powerful warrior! Of course, it's a shame that someone as talented and skilled as I am is working as a trainer. But it's time to focus on training warriors so we can protect our city should war break out.				100	My job is to raise great warriors. But you don't have what it takes to be a great warrior. I can teach you of skills to get stronger, but learning them from me will be expensive.	100	Get out of my sight!	100	Get out of my sight!
					Trilgard lost many great warriors due to an attack by monsters. So we need to focus on recruiting new forces. I'm trying to find travelers suitable and willing to settle down here. How about you? Stay and fight for Trilgard!									
					Do you know Usus? A year ago, he declared war on Tullan, the city of humans, and significantly weakened its their defenses. Many young, strong warriors followed in the steps of Usus but they disappeared! Only the undisciplined ones remain. Oh, it's tragic.									
					The Archlord? I don't wish to become one and no I'm not scared! A warrior obtains strength from training his body. There not dependent on weird objects filled with unknown powers! Travelers seeking such objects deserve a good beating. Are you one of them? Travelers these days are so... anyway...									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
86	<Archer Trainer> Gorgan		<Archer Trainer> Gorgan	100	I'm Gorgan, an Archer Trainer. Originally, I was an embarrassment as an archer. But I practiced hard and became a trainer. You can do it, too. What's more important than innate talent is your effort and will to never give up.				100	What do you want? You seem like an evil one to me. But if I see you trying hard, then I'll teach you.	100	¡¦	100	¡¦
					I don't talk much.									
					I really hate the Archons! They're the source of all the blood in this land!									
					Orcs are generally made into warriors, so it's been only a few thousands year since they learned how to use bows. The bow is a very difficult for Orcs, who lack flexibility. So an Orc who shoots well is one that has worked very hard.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
87	<Magic Trainer> Lytillo		<Magic Trainer> Lytillo	100	I'm Lytillo, a magic trainer. Unlike other sorcerers, I'm loved by the people here. It's true. I can resolve any conflict or problem and open doors that were never expected to open. Orcs don't always use force to handle problems, so I'm very useful.				100	You're the type who solves everything with force. You're the exact opposite of me, and still you came here to learn.	100	I can't teach anyone who only cares for power!	100	I can't teach anyone who only cares for power!
					I'm considering taking on an assistant because there are so many who wish to learn from me. Not to belittle all the other skills trainers, but at this rate, I worry that Trilgard may become a city of magic.									
					Magical skill is an exhibition of potential. And empowering your magic with the power of the Elementals depends on how well you interact with the Elementals. So you should train and discipline yourself at all times.									
					I've heard many legends about the Archons since I was young. I used to look up to them then. But now, I don't. The volition of youngsters who look up to the Archons and the Archlord is enough. Once their wills come together, anything is possible. I fear that such power will be used for evil.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
88	<Safe Keeper> Dipo		<Safe Keeper> Dipo	100	I'm Dipo, a Safe Keeper. Scram, all you fools! Don't waste your money, store it in my safe instead! I'm Dipo, the city's greatest! Everyone needs me. Frankly, I'm more important than that useless chief guard.				100	I invest money that travelers leave with me in other things. Do you still want to leave your money? Well, I don't even want to touch your dirty money.... You still want to leave it here?	100	I've got a bad feeling about storing your things. Pick them up as soon as possible.	100	I've got a bad feeling about storing your things. Pick them up as soon as possible.
					Well, you don't look like you have much in those pockets. But if you want, I'll store your items for you. You can't trust me? Who do you plan on trusting in this city besides me? Other travelers are after your money. Do you want to have your money stolen? If not, then leave it with me. I'll take good care of it.									
					A piece of dry bread is my usual meal. I hang a piece of dried deer meat above my head and look at each time I take a bite of the bread. It's too good to eat. Just looking at it is enough to make me hungry. I'll never become rich unless I'm this frugal.									
					Some think I steal traveler's money, but that's not so. I'm simply investing the money that I was asked to keep safe by them. Ignorant Orcs may not understand, but it's the best way for me to increase my wealth. Hey, has a traveler ever opened my safe and found their money is missing?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
89	<Blacksmith> Dill Hammerfall		<Blacksmith> Dill Hammerfall	100	I'm Dil Hammerfall, a blacksmith.  Won't you leave your equipment with me? Your armor and weapon will become strong and sturdy on my holy anvil. Of course, it'll cost you some money. But think about what you'll get and that should change your mind.				100	You're... here... to fix... your weapon.... I... really... don't want to... help. But if... you... pay... I don't... really... want to... help....	100	Hmm... What do you want... from me...? I can't do anything... for you... so just... leave....	100	Hmm... What do you want... from me...? I can't do anything... for you... so just... leave....
					I'll work with and strengthen any item you want... it doesn't matter if it a pitchfork, I can make it better. But, then again, what would you do with a pitchfork with an Elemental Stone of Fire on it? Do you plan to poke the hay and set is on fire, or what? Errr.... so as I was saying, I can upgrade any item you want.									
					Training is needed for both warriors and sorcerers. Whatever your job, you need to train yourself to increase your abilities. I trained a lot when I was young and I have wounds all over my body. But, I have no regrets...... I got good results. But I still have a long way...									
					No compliment is better than a satisfied customer. But even if I did fail to strengthen their item, the complaints aren't what bother me. People don't seem to realize that success and failure lie not only in the equipment, but also in the abilities of the owner.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
90	<Guild Registrar> Runping		<Guild Registrar> Runping	100	I'm Runping, a guild registrar. Ehem. How dare you look at me like that? Everything about the travelers in this city is reported to me. But since I have nothing on you...... You must not be that important. So, why did you come here?				100	I'm Runping, a guild registrar. Ehem. How dare you look at me like that? Everything about the travelers in this city is reported to me. But since I have nothing on you...... You must not be that important. So, why did you come here?	100	I'm Runping, a guild registrar. Ehem. How dare you look at me like that? Everything about the travelers in this city is reported to me. But since I have nothing on you...... You must not be that important. So, why did you come here?	100	I'm Runping, a guild registrar. Ehem. How dare you look at me like that? Everything about the travelers in this city is reported to me. But since I have nothing on you...... You must not be that important. So, why did you come here?
					What does my name mean? What does your name mean? Do you think we're close enough for you to ask me that? If you want to learn something, why don't you actively participate in a guild? Are you already part of one? Or do you plan to withdraw? Say something, will you?					What does my name mean? What does your name mean? Do you think we're close enough for you to ask me that? If you want to learn something, why don't you actively participate in a guild? Are you already part of one? Or do you plan to withdraw? Say something, will you?		What does my name mean? What does your name mean? Do you think we're close enough for you to ask me that? If you want to learn something, why don't you actively participate in a guild? Are you already part of one? Or do you plan to withdraw? Say something, will you?		What does my name mean? What does your name mean? Do you think we're close enough for you to ask me that? If you want to learn something, why don't you actively participate in a guild? Are you already part of one? Or do you plan to withdraw? Say something, will you?
					I don't know if you know, but I used to be quite an influential government official in this city. But a half a year ago, I was fired because I wasn't properly supervising my soldiers when the monsters attacked. I'll get my job back soon. Until then, I'd like for you to join a guild. The more guilds there are, the better my reputation. Haha!					I don't know if you know, but I used to be quite an influential government official in this city. But a half a year ago, I was fired because I wasn't properly supervising my soldiers when the monsters attacked. I'll get my job back soon. Until then, I'd like for you to join a guild. The more guilds there are, the better my reputation. Haha!		I don't know if you know, but I used to be quite an influential government official in this city. But a half a year ago, I was fired because I wasn't properly supervising my soldiers when the monsters attacked. I'll get my job back soon. Until then, I'd like for you to join a guild. The more guilds there are, the better my reputation. Haha!		I don't know if you know, but I used to be quite an influential government official in this city. But a half a year ago, I was fired because I wasn't properly supervising my soldiers when the monsters attacked. I'll get my job back soon. Until then, I'd like for you to join a guild. The more guilds there are, the better my reputation. Haha!
					For me, it's great that so many are off in search of the Archons. The more danger that exists, the bigger the guild gets! Do the Archons exist? I couldn't care less. Don't you think it's more important to acquire real power over a city than to worry whether something like Archons exist or not?					For me, it's great that so many are off in search of the Archons. The more danger that exists, the bigger the guild gets! Do the Archons exist? I couldn't care less. Don't you think it's more important to acquire real power over a city than to worry whether something like Archons exist or not?		For me, it's great that so many are off in search of the Archons. The more danger that exists, the bigger the guild gets! Do the Archons exist? I couldn't care less. Don't you think it's more important to acquire real power over a city than to worry whether something like Archons exist or not?		For me, it's great that so many are off in search of the Archons. The more danger that exists, the bigger the guild gets! Do the Archons exist? I couldn't care less. Don't you think it's more important to acquire real power over a city than to worry whether something like Archons exist or not?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
91	<Item Trader> Gemart		<Item Trader> Gemart	100	Hello I'm Gemart the item trader, but I used to be a Safe Keeper. I'm considered thoroughly knowledgeable in various fields because of my extensive outlook on money. I've traveled a lot as well, so it's not difficult for me to understand travelers like you.				100	I like to meet travelers. But meeting you isn't all that nice. So just tell me what you need and then leave!	100	You want to trade with me? You?	100	You want to trade with me? You?
					Those who know me call me 'Eagle-Eye Gemart.' It's because those who confront me can't seem to avoid my sharp eyes for a number reasons. Pretty impressive, don't you think? I suggest you trust me, too.									
					I think being satisfied with your life is good. But it's not easy getting satisfaction. For example, I'm not always satisfied with my life. I... haha... I want to be the mayor of this city!									
					It's extremely boring. The more travelers, the less boring it is. I love meeting travelers. It helps me kill time and make money. Of course, it's also makes me feel good to see you travelers satisfied.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
92	<Alchemist> Zork		<Alchemist> Zork	100	I'm Zork and I'm an alchemist. An alchemist is the farthest thing from a traveler, yet a wonderful companion. Do you want anything from me? If so, talk to me like you're a hero.				100	I'm Zork and I'm an alchemist. An alchemist is the farthest thing from a traveler, yet a wonderful companion. Do you want anything from me? If so, talk to me like you're a hero.	100	I'm Zork and I'm an alchemist. An alchemist is the farthest thing from a traveler, yet a wonderful companion. Do you want anything from me? If so, talk to me like you're a hero.	100	I'm Zork and I'm an alchemist. An alchemist is the farthest thing from a traveler, yet a wonderful companion. Do you want anything from me? If so, talk to me like you're a hero.
					Of course, no worldly value can be put on my alchemy. But not all travelers carry around lots of money, so I try to meet the market prices. But some people still ask for better bargains. The nerve of some people, huh?					Of course, no worldly value can be put on my alchemy. But not all travelers carry around lots of money, so I try to meet the market prices. But some people still ask for better bargains. The nerve of some people, huh?		Of course, no worldly value can be put on my alchemy. But not all travelers carry around lots of money, so I try to meet the market prices. But some people still ask for better bargains. The nerve of some people, huh?		Of course, no worldly value can be put on my alchemy. But not all travelers carry around lots of money, so I try to meet the market prices. But some people still ask for better bargains. The nerve of some people, huh?
					What happens at the tip of my fingers is reality and the future. It's everything! You don't need anything more than that!					What happens at the tip of my fingers is reality and the future. It's everything! You don't need anything more than that!		What happens at the tip of my fingers is reality and the future. It's everything! You don't need anything more than that!		What happens at the tip of my fingers is reality and the future. It's everything! You don't need anything more than that!
					What are the limits of alchemy? Don't you want to know? How far can we go? What exists beyond a city this big? What's sold in cities where other species live? Aren't you curious? What?! You're not?					What are the limits of alchemy? Don't you want to know? How far can we go? What exists beyond a city this big? What's sold in cities where other species live? Aren't you curious? What?! You're not?		What are the limits of alchemy? Don't you want to know? How far can we go? What exists beyond a city this big? What's sold in cities where other species live? Aren't you curious? What?! You're not?		What are the limits of alchemy? Don't you want to know? How far can we go? What exists beyond a city this big? What's sold in cities where other species live? Aren't you curious? What?! You're not?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
93	<Cook> Kokora		<Cook> Kokora	100	I'm Kokora, one of the best cooks in Trilgard. Ezerock, where Trilgard is, is abundant in cooking ingredients. There are wild boar in the mountain and fish in the Urtram Channel. And there are rare spices in the Pandaram Plateau. You're lucky.				100	I'm Kokora, one of the best cooks in Trilgard. Ezerock, where Trilgard is, is abundant in cooking ingredients. There are wild boar in the mountain and fish in the Urtram Channel. And there are rare spices in the Pandaram Plateau. You're lucky.	100	I'm Kokora, one of the best cooks in Trilgard. Ezerock, where Trilgard is, is abundant in cooking ingredients. There are wild boar in the mountain and fish in the Urtram Channel. And there are rare spices in the Pandaram Plateau. You're lucky.	100	I'm Kokora, one of the best cooks in Trilgard. Ezerock, where Trilgard is, is abundant in cooking ingredients. There are wild boar in the mountain and fish in the Urtram Channel. And there are rare spices in the Pandaram Plateau. You're lucky.
					If you really love cooking, you should know how to cook and eat anything. If it's good, you should have the passion to go after it whether it be human food or goblin food. Without such passion, you might as well give up your dreams. Don't worry. I don't expect that much of travelers learning simple recipes.					If you really love cooking, you should know how to cook and eat anything. If it's good, you should have the passion to go after it whether it be human food or goblin food. Without such passion, you might as well give up your dreams. Don't worry. I don't expect that much of travelers learning simple recipes.		If you really love cooking, you should know how to cook and eat anything. If it's good, you should have the passion to go after it whether it be human food or goblin food. Without such passion, you might as well give up your dreams. Don't worry. I don't expect that much of travelers learning simple recipes.		If you really love cooking, you should know how to cook and eat anything. If it's good, you should have the passion to go after it whether it be human food or goblin food. Without such passion, you might as well give up your dreams. Don't worry. I don't expect that much of travelers learning simple recipes.
					Of all the foods I've tasted, the best was Centaur's pork barbecue. It's an entire pig cooked over wood, brushed with a special pepper sauce, which has a unique aroma...... Oh, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. Formalities aren't important in truly good cooking.					Of all the foods I've tasted, the best was Centaur's pork barbecue. It's an entire pig cooked over wood, brushed with a special pepper sauce, which has a unique aroma...... Oh, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. Formalities aren't important in truly good cooking.		Of all the foods I've tasted, the best was Centaur's pork barbecue. It's an entire pig cooked over wood, brushed with a special pepper sauce, which has a unique aroma...... Oh, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. Formalities aren't important in truly good cooking.		Of all the foods I've tasted, the best was Centaur's pork barbecue. It's an entire pig cooked over wood, brushed with a special pepper sauce, which has a unique aroma...... Oh, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. Formalities aren't important in truly good cooking.
					Have you heard of the Legendary Cooking Utensil? An elfin cook sailed across the sea to get it. With that tool, you can create an incredibly tasty dish even with the most bland ingredients. But the elf dropped it into a lake and no one ever saw it again. I'd like to use it someday, it's supposed to create an amazing dish.					Have you heard of the Legendary Cooking Utensil? An elfin cook sailed across the sea to get it. With that tool, you can create an incredibly tasty dish even with the most bland ingredients. But the elf dropped it into a lake and no one ever saw it again. I'd like to use it someday, it's supposed to create an amazing dish.		Have you heard of the Legendary Cooking Utensil? An elfin cook sailed across the sea to get it. With that tool, you can create an incredibly tasty dish even with the most bland ingredients. But the elf dropped it into a lake and no one ever saw it again. I'd like to use it someday, it's supposed to create an amazing dish.		Have you heard of the Legendary Cooking Utensil? An elfin cook sailed across the sea to get it. With that tool, you can create an incredibly tasty dish even with the most bland ingredients. But the elf dropped it into a lake and no one ever saw it again. I'd like to use it someday, it's supposed to create an amazing dish.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
94	<Adventurer> Tarisild		<Adventurer> Tarisild	100	I'm Tarisild, an adventurer. The roads that spread out in all directions make this place a good starting point for travelers. It's an exciting place. But don't let your guard down. You never know when you might lose your life during your adventures.				100	I'm Tarisild, an adventurer. The roads that spread out in all directions make this place a good starting point for travelers. It's an exciting place. But don't let your guard down. You never know when you might lose your life during your adventures.	100	I'm Tarisild, an adventurer. The roads that spread out in all directions make this place a good starting point for travelers. It's an exciting place. But don't let your guard down. You never know when you might lose your life during your adventures.	100	I'm Tarisild, an adventurer. The roads that spread out in all directions make this place a good starting point for travelers. It's an exciting place. But don't let your guard down. You never know when you might lose your life during your adventures.
					Are you here to ask me something? I'm not bragging, but I definitely have in-depth knowledge about Chantra. But I don't wish to think about anything that's not about adventures. Those are the limits for adventurers.					Are you here to ask me something? I'm not bragging, but I definitely have in-depth knowledge about Chantra. But I don't wish to think about anything that's not about adventures. Those are the limits for adventurers.		Are you here to ask me something? I'm not bragging, but I definitely have in-depth knowledge about Chantra. But I don't wish to think about anything that's not about adventures. Those are the limits for adventurers.		Are you here to ask me something? I'm not bragging, but I definitely have in-depth knowledge about Chantra. But I don't wish to think about anything that's not about adventures. Those are the limits for adventurers.
					There are many who wish to obtain a wide range of knowledge from me. But I don't open my mouth unless I'm approached with a sincere attitude. The reason I'm talking to you is because I think you have the look of a true adventurer. I'd be happy to tell you anything whenever you need. However, it must be about adventures or travels.					There are many who wish to obtain a wide range of knowledge from me. But I don't open my mouth unless I'm approached with a sincere attitude. The reason I'm talking to you is because I think you have the look of a true adventurer. I'd be happy to tell you anything whenever you need. However, it must be about adventures or travels.		There are many who wish to obtain a wide range of knowledge from me. But I don't open my mouth unless I'm approached with a sincere attitude. The reason I'm talking to you is because I think you have the look of a true adventurer. I'd be happy to tell you anything whenever you need. However, it must be about adventures or travels.		There are many who wish to obtain a wide range of knowledge from me. But I don't open my mouth unless I'm approached with a sincere attitude. The reason I'm talking to you is because I think you have the look of a true adventurer. I'd be happy to tell you anything whenever you need. However, it must be about adventures or travels.
					Traveling around the world, sometimes you hear the most unusual stories. The most recent one I heard is about a traveler who came from Nordenland. I've never met him, but met a few that had ties with him. There's one in this city, too. It's...... Oh maybe I shouldn't be talking about this. I could get hurt.					Traveling around the world, sometimes you hear the most unusual stories. The most recent one I heard is about a traveler who came from Nordenland. I've never met him, but met a few that had ties with him. There's one in this city, too. It's...... Oh maybe I shouldn't be talking about this. I could get hurt.		Traveling around the world, sometimes you hear the most unusual stories. The most recent one I heard is about a traveler who came from Nordenland. I've never met him, but met a few that had ties with him. There's one in this city, too. It's...... Oh maybe I shouldn't be talking about this. I could get hurt.		Traveling around the world, sometimes you hear the most unusual stories. The most recent one I heard is about a traveler who came from Nordenland. I've never met him, but met a few that had ties with him. There's one in this city, too. It's...... Oh maybe I shouldn't be talking about this. I could get hurt.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
95	<Village Chief> Rembrandt		<Village Chief> Rembrandt	100	I'm Rembrandt, the chief of the village of Anchorville. I used to be a Merchant in a big city when I was young. But now, I'm the head of this village. My job really is quite simple and easy. Anchorville itself is a simple village. Everything would be perfect if it weren't for those monsters out there.				100	I'm Rembrandt, the chief of the village of Anchorville. I used to be a Merchant in a big city when I was young. But now, I'm the head of this village. My job really is quite simple and easy. Anchorville itself is a simple village. Everything would be perfect if it weren't for those monsters out there.	100	I'm Rembrandt, the chief of the village of Anchorville. I used to be a Merchant in a big city when I was young. But now, I'm the head of this village. My job really is quite simple and easy. Anchorville itself is a simple village. Everything would be perfect if it weren't for those monsters out there.	100	I'm Rembrandt, the chief of the village of Anchorville. I used to be a Merchant in a big city when I was young. But now, I'm the head of this village. My job really is quite simple and easy. Anchorville itself is a simple village. Everything would be perfect if it weren't for those monsters out there.
					Anchorville is a village that holds much importance to Humans because it's the first village they made here in Chantra. Those who first settled here used wood from their ships to build houses. Some of the worn-out houses over there are ones that were built back then. Isn't it great that they have all have such interesting stories? Haha.					Anchorville is a village that holds much importance to Humans because it's the first village they made here in Chantra. Those who first settled here used wood from their ships to build houses. Some of the worn-out houses over there are ones that were built back then. Isn't it great that they have all have such interesting stories? Haha.		Anchorville is a village that holds much importance to Humans because it's the first village they made here in Chantra. Those who first settled here used wood from their ships to build houses. Some of the worn-out houses over there are ones that were built back then. Isn't it great that they have all have such interesting stories? Haha.		Anchorville is a village that holds much importance to Humans because it's the first village they made here in Chantra. Those who first settled here used wood from their ships to build houses. Some of the worn-out houses over there are ones that were built back then. Isn't it great that they have all have such interesting stories? Haha.
					We have a sisterhood formed with Delfaras. Frankly, the reason this small village can exist is because of their help. But don't think that we're in a subordinate relationship with them. We are very independent people.					We have a sisterhood formed with Delfaras. Frankly, the reason this small village can exist is because of their help. But don't think that we're in a subordinate relationship with them. We are very independent people.		We have a sisterhood formed with Delfaras. Frankly, the reason this small village can exist is because of their help. But don't think that we're in a subordinate relationship with them. We are very independent people.		We have a sisterhood formed with Delfaras. Frankly, the reason this small village can exist is because of their help. But don't think that we're in a subordinate relationship with them. We are very independent people.
					Recently, more and more travelers have shown up, saying they're in search of the Archlord. Are you one of them? I've never seen the Archlord, so it all sounds like nonsense to me. However...... there are a few things I've heard from my friends, which I find difficult to ignore.					Recently, more and more travelers have shown up, saying they're in search of the Archlord. Are you one of them? I've never seen the Archlord, so it all sounds like nonsense to me. However...... there are a few things I've heard from my friends, which I find difficult to ignore.		Recently, more and more travelers have shown up, saying they're in search of the Archlord. Are you one of them? I've never seen the Archlord, so it all sounds like nonsense to me. However...... there are a few things I've heard from my friends, which I find difficult to ignore.		Recently, more and more travelers have shown up, saying they're in search of the Archlord. Are you one of them? I've never seen the Archlord, so it all sounds like nonsense to me. However...... there are a few things I've heard from my friends, which I find difficult to ignore.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
96	<Guard> Angus		<Guard> Angus	100	Ehem. My name is Angus. Currently I'm a guard in Anchorville, but I used to be a brave soldier of Delfaras! Since you're a traveler, let me say that frankly, I find it pathetic that I'm guarding a small village like this. I really don't like my job. But what can I do? It's an order. Orders! Darn, what choice do I have?				100	Ehem. My name is Angus. Currently I'm a guard in Anchorville, but I used to be a brave soldier of Delfaras! Since you're a traveler, let me say that frankly, I find it pathetic that I'm guarding a small village like this. I really don't like my job. But what can I do? It's an order. Orders! Darn, what choice do I have?	100	Ehem. My name is Angus. Currently I'm a guard in Anchorville, but I used to be a brave soldier of Delfaras! Since you're a traveler, let me say that frankly, I find it pathetic that I'm guarding a small village like this. I really don't like my job. But what can I do? It's an order. Orders! Darn, what choice do I have?	100	Ehem. My name is Angus. Currently I'm a guard in Anchorville, but I used to be a brave soldier of Delfaras! Since you're a traveler, let me say that frankly, I find it pathetic that I'm guarding a small village like this. I really don't like my job. But what can I do? It's an order. Orders! Darn, what choice do I have?
					Yuan isn't so smart, so he always tries to pander to me. He is always at my beck and call and makes my life more convenient. But sometimes, he doesn't understand me, so he just blankly stares at me. How did he ever become a guard? Tsk.					Yuan isn't so smart, so he always tries to pander to me. He is always at my beck and call and makes my life more convenient. But sometimes, he doesn't understand me, so he just blankly stares at me. How did he ever become a guard? Tsk.		Yuan isn't so smart, so he always tries to pander to me. He is always at my beck and call and makes my life more convenient. But sometimes, he doesn't understand me, so he just blankly stares at me. How did he ever become a guard? Tsk.		Yuan isn't so smart, so he always tries to pander to me. He is always at my beck and call and makes my life more convenient. But sometimes, he doesn't understand me, so he just blankly stares at me. How did he ever become a guard? Tsk.
					I know Anchorville boasts of a long history, but I don't know if it's worth guarding it like this. I heard it's protected by magic. Then why are we necessary? I don't understand the bosses orders.					I know Anchorville boasts of a long history, but I don't know if it's worth guarding it like this. I heard it's protected by magic. Then why are we necessary? I don't understand the bosses orders.		I know Anchorville boasts of a long history, but I don't know if it's worth guarding it like this. I heard it's protected by magic. Then why are we necessary? I don't understand the bosses orders.		I know Anchorville boasts of a long history, but I don't know if it's worth guarding it like this. I heard it's protected by magic. Then why are we necessary? I don't understand the bosses orders.
					Since you're not a resident here, let me say that the people here aren't friendly. I'm working hard to guard their village, but they never offer me anything like a cold glass of beer or food. They never even spare a penny for me to buy some snacks. Is it wrong to expect such things? Oh, I knew you'd say that.					Since you're not a resident here, let me say that the people here aren't friendly. I'm working hard to guard their village, but they never offer me anything like a cold glass of beer or food. They never even spare a penny for me to buy some snacks. Is it wrong to expect such things? Oh, I knew you'd say that.		Since you're not a resident here, let me say that the people here aren't friendly. I'm working hard to guard their village, but they never offer me anything like a cold glass of beer or food. They never even spare a penny for me to buy some snacks. Is it wrong to expect such things? Oh, I knew you'd say that.		Since you're not a resident here, let me say that the people here aren't friendly. I'm working hard to guard their village, but they never offer me anything like a cold glass of beer or food. They never even spare a penny for me to buy some snacks. Is it wrong to expect such things? Oh, I knew you'd say that.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
97	<Guard> Yuan		<Guard> Yuan	100	My name is Yuan. Oh, gosh. What a pain. You travelers are so bothersome. You ask me all sorts of things. It's not like you'll get lost in a small village like this. So just let me do my job and guard this village.				100	My name is Yuan. Oh, gosh. What a pain. You travelers are so bothersome. You ask me all sorts of things. It's not like you'll get lost in a small village like this. So just let me do my job and guard this village.	100	My name is Yuan. Oh, gosh. What a pain. You travelers are so bothersome. You ask me all sorts of things. It's not like you'll get lost in a small village like this. So just let me do my job and guard this village.	100	My name is Yuan. Oh, gosh. What a pain. You travelers are so bothersome. You ask me all sorts of things. It's not like you'll get lost in a small village like this. So just let me do my job and guard this village.
					Angus thinks I listen to him because I'm stupid. But it's simply because it's easier just to go along with what he says. If I do as he says, there's no need for me to think. I guess you could say I'm lazy. But I'm a pretty good guard.					Angus thinks I listen to him because I'm stupid. But it's simply because it's easier just to go along with what he says. If I do as he says, there's no need for me to think. I guess you could say I'm lazy. But I'm a pretty good guard.		Angus thinks I listen to him because I'm stupid. But it's simply because it's easier just to go along with what he says. If I do as he says, there's no need for me to think. I guess you could say I'm lazy. But I'm a pretty good guard.		Angus thinks I listen to him because I'm stupid. But it's simply because it's easier just to go along with what he says. If I do as he says, there's no need for me to think. I guess you could say I'm lazy. But I'm a pretty good guard.
					The girls in Delfaras are pretty, but no fun because they're so uptight. The girls here are less refined, but more friendly. But they all want to go to the big city... Things are going to get really boring.					The girls in Delfaras are pretty, but no fun because they're so uptight. The girls here are less refined, but more friendly. But they all want to go to the big city... Things are going to get really boring.		The girls in Delfaras are pretty, but no fun because they're so uptight. The girls here are less refined, but more friendly. But they all want to go to the big city... Things are going to get really boring.		The girls in Delfaras are pretty, but no fun because they're so uptight. The girls here are less refined, but more friendly. But they all want to go to the big city... Things are going to get really boring.
					Soon, I'll leave on a journey like you. Being a guard is fun, but a man should travel a lot and expand his insights. Hehehe. Just thinking about it makes me feel good.					Soon, I'll leave on a journey like you. Being a guard is fun, but a man should travel a lot and expand his insights. Hehehe. Just thinking about it makes me feel good.		Soon, I'll leave on a journey like you. Being a guard is fun, but a man should travel a lot and expand his insights. Hehehe. Just thinking about it makes me feel good.		Soon, I'll leave on a journey like you. Being a guard is fun, but a man should travel a lot and expand his insights. Hehehe. Just thinking about it makes me feel good.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
98	<Mysterious Knight> Zero		<Mysterious Knight> Zero	100	My name is Zero and I'm a member of the great knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are not known about. We see everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Pay close attention to us.	Do you know about the Archlord? He's the almighty power that exists only in Chantra. He was bestowed with enormous power that the Elementals created in the underworld. Only one person can be given command in Chantra under the Archlord's name. Thousands of years have passed and it's time for that force to reemerge!	500	5000	100	My name is Zero and I'm a member of the great knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are not known about. We see everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Pay close attention to us.	100	My name is Zero and I'm a member of the great knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are not known about. We see everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Pay close attention to us.	100	My name is Zero and I'm a member of the great knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are not known about. We see everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Pay close attention to us.
					We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.	There are 5 Archons in this world. You can be the Archlord only when you find all of these Archons, so naturally there is a lot of competition.	3	10		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.
					We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.	The reemergence of the Archons may be a coincidence, but it is inevitable. In the beginning, Humans and Orcs met in a desert. Nathan and Walcurae acquired the Archon of Fire and the Archon of Earth. These became the keys that called the Archlord back into this world.	3	10		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.
					Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.	I'm going to tell you of the epic stories of heroes from a 100 years ago... about the Human Zian Manas and the Orc Ugdrasil. Their violent battle brought temporary peace to this world. Intriguing, huh? Zian says he fought to defeat the Orcs and rescue Tullan. However, they were the reason the generations after fell into chaos.	3	10		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.
						A year ago, Usus, the Orc, attacked Tullan. He believed that the Archons were inside the castle there and tried to attack it. There are others who still believe what Usus did was wrong.	3	10						
						The Archons need a master. Even if someone finds the five Archons by luck, none of them will display their power unless the finder is worthy. The Archons will just remain useless rocks or gems.	3	10						
						The Elementals rejected the birth of the Archons and expelled the Archlord from Chantra. But now, the Elementals acknowledge the Archons and await the birth of the Archlord. They know that there will come a time when the birth of the Archlord is essential. But that time should never come......	3	10						
						The world is made of light and darkness. There's day and night. There's good and evil. There are the forces of the four main Elementals and there are Elementals who wish to destroy the world. But there are no records of this, not even in the records of the Elementals. Limited knowledge is not good.	3	10						
						Elemental Stones may be refined by being put through the Elemental Stone Refinery. When refined, the stone's degree of purity will increase and it will become stronger. But is that all? I hear there are more powerful effects. Travelers should find this out for themselves.	3	10						
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
99	<Mayor> Megara		<Mayor> Megara	100	Welcome to Delfaras. I'm Megara, the mayor of the city. I'm young, but was officially elected by the people. Of course, I try to be humble because of that. My dream and mission is to develop this city into a city that's larger than Tullan. I know that well.				100	Welcome to Delfaras. I'm Megara, the mayor of the city. I'm young, but was officially elected by the people. Of course, I try to be humble because of that. My dream and mission is to develop this city into a city that's larger than Tullan. I know that well.	100	Welcome to Delfaras. I'm Megara, the mayor of the city. I'm young, but was officially elected by the people. Of course, I try to be humble because of that. My dream and mission is to develop this city into a city that's larger than Tullan. I know that well.	100	Welcome to Delfaras. I'm Megara, the mayor of the city. I'm young, but was officially elected by the people. Of course, I try to be humble because of that. My dream and mission is to develop this city into a city that's larger than Tullan. I know that well.
					Mateus, my father, was also mayor. I don't think I became mayor because of my father's status, but I do know that I can never be completely free from my connections to him. It gives me more responsibility and more duties. Helping adventurers like you get settled in is one of them.					Mateus, my father, was also mayor. I don't think I became mayor because of my father's status, but I do know that I can never be completely free from my connections to him. It gives me more responsibility and more duties. Helping adventurers like you get settled in is one of them.		Mateus, my father, was also mayor. I don't think I became mayor because of my father's status, but I do know that I can never be completely free from my connections to him. It gives me more responsibility and more duties. Helping adventurers like you get settled in is one of them.		Mateus, my father, was also mayor. I don't think I became mayor because of my father's status, but I do know that I can never be completely free from my connections to him. It gives me more responsibility and more duties. Helping adventurers like you get settled in is one of them.
					Travelers from other cities often look down on me because I'm a woman. But the people of Delfaras aren't like that. They respect me and they treat me like a mayor. They give me the energy I need to go on.					Travelers from other cities often look down on me because I'm a woman. But the people of Delfaras aren't like that. They respect me and they treat me like a mayor. They give me the energy I need to go on.		Travelers from other cities often look down on me because I'm a woman. But the people of Delfaras aren't like that. They respect me and they treat me like a mayor. They give me the energy I need to go on.		Travelers from other cities often look down on me because I'm a woman. But the people of Delfaras aren't like that. They respect me and they treat me like a mayor. They give me the energy I need to go on.
					Have you been to the harbor? What do you think of the merchants there? Trade is a big source of leverage for Delfaras and we have been greatly affected by the merchant associations. It frustrates me that as a mayor, I cannot do anything to solve the friction between the merchant associations of Delfaras.					Have you been to the harbor? What do you think of the merchants there? Trade is a big source of leverage for Delfaras and we have been greatly affected by the merchant associations. It frustrates me that as a mayor, I cannot do anything to solve the friction between the merchant associations of Delfaras.		Have you been to the harbor? What do you think of the merchants there? Trade is a big source of leverage for Delfaras and we have been greatly affected by the merchant associations. It frustrates me that as a mayor, I cannot do anything to solve the friction between the merchant associations of Delfaras.		Have you been to the harbor? What do you think of the merchants there? Trade is a big source of leverage for Delfaras and we have been greatly affected by the merchant associations. It frustrates me that as a mayor, I cannot do anything to solve the friction between the merchant associations of Delfaras.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
100	<Guard Commander> Marco		<Guard Commander> Marco	100	Due to the lack of full-time soldiers, we hire many mercenaries. I, Marco, am also a mercenary, but have taken on the role of captain, prepared to do anything for this city. Mercenaries also have homes and families. Don't you?				100	Due to the lack of full-time soldiers, we hire many mercenaries. I, Marco, am also a mercenary, but have taken on the role of captain, prepared to do anything for this city. Mercenaries also have homes and families. Don't you?	100	Due to the lack of full-time soldiers, we hire many mercenaries. I, Marco, am also a mercenary, but have taken on the role of captain, prepared to do anything for this city. Mercenaries also have homes and families. Don't you?	100	Due to the lack of full-time soldiers, we hire many mercenaries. I, Marco, am also a mercenary, but have taken on the role of captain, prepared to do anything for this city. Mercenaries also have homes and families. Don't you?
					The mercenaries aren't listening to me. When I was young, there exhibited order. But the mercenaries here have been bought out by the merchant associations and do as they like. Monte is the most genuine guard, so I try to take care of everything through him.					The mercenaries aren't listening to me. When I was young, there exhibited order. But the mercenaries here have been bought out by the merchant associations and do as they like. Monte is the most genuine guard, so I try to take care of everything through him.		The mercenaries aren't listening to me. When I was young, there exhibited order. But the mercenaries here have been bought out by the merchant associations and do as they like. Monte is the most genuine guard, so I try to take care of everything through him.		The mercenaries aren't listening to me. When I was young, there exhibited order. But the mercenaries here have been bought out by the merchant associations and do as they like. Monte is the most genuine guard, so I try to take care of everything through him.
					Many say I'm trite. But I just can't tolerate something I hate. For example, travelers these days are too rash. I don't know what they went through, where and how, but watching them blabber in groups in the square is really annoying. I don't like silly jokes.					Many say I'm trite. But I just can't tolerate something I hate. For example, travelers these days are too rash. I don't know what they went through, where and how, but watching them blabber in groups in the square is really annoying. I don't like silly jokes.		Many say I'm trite. But I just can't tolerate something I hate. For example, travelers these days are too rash. I don't know what they went through, where and how, but watching them blabber in groups in the square is really annoying. I don't like silly jokes.		Many say I'm trite. But I just can't tolerate something I hate. For example, travelers these days are too rash. I don't know what they went through, where and how, but watching them blabber in groups in the square is really annoying. I don't like silly jokes.
					I heard Tullan has become impoverished recently due to various incidents. We're not on the best of terms with Tullan but that doesn't mean we're going to attack them. The days of battle have already past. Even Orcs and humans are reconciling. How sad it is that neighboring cities can't do that.					I heard Tullan has become impoverished recently due to various incidents. We're not on the best of terms with Tullan but that doesn't mean we're going to attack them. The days of battle have already past. Even Orcs and humans are reconciling. How sad it is that neighboring cities can't do that.		I heard Tullan has become impoverished recently due to various incidents. We're not on the best of terms with Tullan but that doesn't mean we're going to attack them. The days of battle have already past. Even Orcs and humans are reconciling. How sad it is that neighboring cities can't do that.		I heard Tullan has become impoverished recently due to various incidents. We're not on the best of terms with Tullan but that doesn't mean we're going to attack them. The days of battle have already past. Even Orcs and humans are reconciling. How sad it is that neighboring cities can't do that.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
101	<Guard> Monte		<Guard> Monte	100	Captain Marco favors me very much. I'm not just saying this. I know it's true because I'm a very diligent worker. It's not immodesty... But I introduce our city to visitors. I guess it's not normal for a guard, but playing a part in portraying a good image of your city is also protecting the city.				100	Captain Marco favors me very much. I'm not just saying this. I know it's true because I'm a very diligent worker. It's not immodesty... But I introduce our city to visitors. I guess it's not normal for a guard, but playing a part in portraying a good image of your city is also protecting the city.	100	Captain Marco favors me very much. I'm not just saying this. I know it's true because I'm a very diligent worker. It's not immodesty... But I introduce our city to visitors. I guess it's not normal for a guard, but playing a part in portraying a good image of your city is also protecting the city.	100	Captain Marco favors me very much. I'm not just saying this. I know it's true because I'm a very diligent worker. It's not immodesty... But I introduce our city to visitors. I guess it's not normal for a guard, but playing a part in portraying a good image of your city is also protecting the city.
					Captain Marco says I'm not serious enough. But I don't think I should always have a stern, rigid face just because I'm a guard. I know it often reveals my weak points, but I think it's brave to be like this. Give me any kind of work and I'll take care of it. Haha.					Captain Marco says I'm not serious enough. But I don't think I should always have a stern, rigid face just because I'm a guard. I know it often reveals my weak points, but I think it's brave to be like this. Give me any kind of work and I'll take care of it. Haha.		Captain Marco says I'm not serious enough. But I don't think I should always have a stern, rigid face just because I'm a guard. I know it often reveals my weak points, but I think it's brave to be like this. Give me any kind of work and I'll take care of it. Haha.		Captain Marco says I'm not serious enough. But I don't think I should always have a stern, rigid face just because I'm a guard. I know it often reveals my weak points, but I think it's brave to be like this. Give me any kind of work and I'll take care of it. Haha.
					I originally dreamed of becoming a merchant, but I realized early on that I was destined not to be one and ended up becoming a guard instead. People say my swordplay shows signs of genius. Hehe. I'm embarrassed. I'm satisfied with my job, but that doesn't mean that killing is always right.					I originally dreamed of becoming a merchant, but I realized early on that I was destined not to be one and ended up becoming a guard instead. People say my swordplay shows signs of genius. Hehe. I'm embarrassed. I'm satisfied with my job, but that doesn't mean that killing is always right.		I originally dreamed of becoming a merchant, but I realized early on that I was destined not to be one and ended up becoming a guard instead. People say my swordplay shows signs of genius. Hehe. I'm embarrassed. I'm satisfied with my job, but that doesn't mean that killing is always right.		I originally dreamed of becoming a merchant, but I realized early on that I was destined not to be one and ended up becoming a guard instead. People say my swordplay shows signs of genius. Hehe. I'm embarrassed. I'm satisfied with my job, but that doesn't mean that killing is always right.
					Delfaras is a city known for its magic. I don't know all the details since I'm a only a guard. But I hear that those studying magic here learn the ancient magic of the Sea People. Not that I know what that is...... Maybe it's staying underwater without breathing. That sounds useful. You could go underwater in emergency situations during battle.					Delfaras is a city known for its magic. I don't know all the details since I'm a only a guard. But I hear that those studying magic here learn the ancient magic of the Sea People. Not that I know what that is...... Maybe it's staying underwater without breathing. That sounds useful. You could go underwater in emergency situations during battle.		Delfaras is a city known for its magic. I don't know all the details since I'm a only a guard. But I hear that those studying magic here learn the ancient magic of the Sea People. Not that I know what that is...... Maybe it's staying underwater without breathing. That sounds useful. You could go underwater in emergency situations during battle.		Delfaras is a city known for its magic. I don't know all the details since I'm a only a guard. But I hear that those studying magic here learn the ancient magic of the Sea People. Not that I know what that is...... Maybe it's staying underwater without breathing. That sounds useful. You could go underwater in emergency situations during battle.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
102	<Caravan> Goldilocks		<Caravan> Goldilocks	100	Delfaras! The trading hub of Chantra! I'm a Caravan in this city no matter what anyone says. You could say most of the city lies in my hands. There is Mayor Megara... But I'm more powerful than she is. Humanus, the merchants association that I run, is well known in the neighboring cities as well.				100	Delfaras! The trading hub of Chantra! I'm a Caravan in this city no matter what anyone says. You could say most of the city lies in my hands. There is Mayor Megara... But I'm more powerful than she is. Humanus, the merchants association that I run, is well known in the neighboring cities as well.	100	Delfaras! The trading hub of Chantra! I'm a Caravan in this city no matter what anyone says. You could say most of the city lies in my hands. There is Mayor Megara... But I'm more powerful than she is. Humanus, the merchants association that I run, is well known in the neighboring cities as well.	100	Delfaras! The trading hub of Chantra! I'm a Caravan in this city no matter what anyone says. You could say most of the city lies in my hands. There is Mayor Megara... But I'm more powerful than she is. Humanus, the merchants association that I run, is well known in the neighboring cities as well.
					I like the phrase 'the weak fall prey to the strong.' It means that the strong have the right to do as they wish. As a city of magic and trade, Delfaras has many merchants associations including my own. But they have already become powerless. However, there are two that are difficult to get rid of. I need to take care of them in order to completely take over the city.					I like the phrase 'the weak fall prey to the strong.' It means that the strong have the right to do as they wish. As a city of magic and trade, Delfaras has many merchants associations including my own. But they have already become powerless. However, there are two that are difficult to get rid of. I need to take care of them in order to completely take over the city.		I like the phrase 'the weak fall prey to the strong.' It means that the strong have the right to do as they wish. As a city of magic and trade, Delfaras has many merchants associations including my own. But they have already become powerless. However, there are two that are difficult to get rid of. I need to take care of them in order to completely take over the city.		I like the phrase 'the weak fall prey to the strong.' It means that the strong have the right to do as they wish. As a city of magic and trade, Delfaras has many merchants associations including my own. But they have already become powerless. However, there are two that are difficult to get rid of. I need to take care of them in order to completely take over the city.
					When Megara was running for mayor, I had a friend I hoped would become a mayor. Frankly, I'm not too happy that she's the mayor. She tries to steal the city's actual power from us in one way or another. It's unfortunate...... But I do respect her passion.					When Megara was running for mayor, I had a friend I hoped would become a mayor. Frankly, I'm not too happy that she's the mayor. She tries to steal the city's actual power from us in one way or another. It's unfortunate...... But I do respect her passion.		When Megara was running for mayor, I had a friend I hoped would become a mayor. Frankly, I'm not too happy that she's the mayor. She tries to steal the city's actual power from us in one way or another. It's unfortunate...... But I do respect her passion.		When Megara was running for mayor, I had a friend I hoped would become a mayor. Frankly, I'm not too happy that she's the mayor. She tries to steal the city's actual power from us in one way or another. It's unfortunate...... But I do respect her passion.
					They say this city belongs to the Sea People, but in truth, it belongs to us humans. We took charge in creating the foundation for this city. But since different species have settled down, even the merchants' associations have split into factions. Not a pretty sight.					They say this city belongs to the Sea People, but in truth, it belongs to us humans. We took charge in creating the foundation for this city. But since different species have settled down, even the merchants' associations have split into factions. Not a pretty sight.		They say this city belongs to the Sea People, but in truth, it belongs to us humans. We took charge in creating the foundation for this city. But since different species have settled down, even the merchants' associations have split into factions. Not a pretty sight.		They say this city belongs to the Sea People, but in truth, it belongs to us humans. We took charge in creating the foundation for this city. But since different species have settled down, even the merchants' associations have split into factions. Not a pretty sight.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
103	<Caravan> Maron		<Caravan> Maron	100	I wonder if you've heard of me from the merchants. I'm Maron and I wield influence over the merchants association, Umbriocueva. I am very successful businessman. Anyway, it's fortunate to have met a traveler like you. I trust you will do your best for me. Hahaha.				100	I wonder if you've heard of me from the merchants. I'm Maron and I wield influence over the merchants association, Umbriocueva. I am very successful businessman. Anyway, it's fortunate to have met a traveler like you. I trust you will do your best for me. Hahaha.	100	I wonder if you've heard of me from the merchants. I'm Maron and I wield influence over the merchants association, Umbriocueva. I am very successful businessman. Anyway, it's fortunate to have met a traveler like you. I trust you will do your best for me. Hahaha.	100	I wonder if you've heard of me from the merchants. I'm Maron and I wield influence over the merchants association, Umbriocueva. I am very successful businessman. Anyway, it's fortunate to have met a traveler like you. I trust you will do your best for me. Hahaha.
					Unfortunately, by just a head, Umbriocueva ranks third among the merchants' association in Delfaras. But Goldielocks underestimates our association. We are less superior in skills, but...... Soon we'll grow into the biggest merchants' association!					Unfortunately, by just a head, Umbriocueva ranks third among the merchants' association in Delfaras. But Goldielocks underestimates our association. We are less superior in skills, but...... Soon we'll grow into the biggest merchants' association!		Unfortunately, by just a head, Umbriocueva ranks third among the merchants' association in Delfaras. But Goldielocks underestimates our association. We are less superior in skills, but...... Soon we'll grow into the biggest merchants' association!		Unfortunately, by just a head, Umbriocueva ranks third among the merchants' association in Delfaras. But Goldielocks underestimates our association. We are less superior in skills, but...... Soon we'll grow into the biggest merchants' association!
					Goldielocks is a fierce one. Behind his carefree and relaxed facade lies a brain that processes at an incredible speed. Using his wealth, he's secured an incredibly powerful force beneath him. But we will not bow down so easily.					Goldielocks is a fierce one. Behind his carefree and relaxed facade lies a brain that processes at an incredible speed. Using his wealth, he's secured an incredibly powerful force beneath him. But we will not bow down so easily.		Goldielocks is a fierce one. Behind his carefree and relaxed facade lies a brain that processes at an incredible speed. Using his wealth, he's secured an incredibly powerful force beneath him. But we will not bow down so easily.		Goldielocks is a fierce one. Behind his carefree and relaxed facade lies a brain that processes at an incredible speed. Using his wealth, he's secured an incredibly powerful force beneath him. But we will not bow down so easily.
					Do you like the beautiful scenery of Delfaras? Located on the coastline of a sea, the likes of which are rarely found in other places, Delfaras is like a blossoming flower. However, beneath its beauty lies intense conflict. Oh, excuse me. I almost revealed too much to a traveler who has nothing to do with us.					Do you like the beautiful scenery of Delfaras? Located on the coastline of a sea, the likes of which are rarely found in other places, Delfaras is like a blossoming flower. However, beneath its beauty lies intense conflict. Oh, excuse me. I almost revealed too much to a traveler who has nothing to do with us.		Do you like the beautiful scenery of Delfaras? Located on the coastline of a sea, the likes of which are rarely found in other places, Delfaras is like a blossoming flower. However, beneath its beauty lies intense conflict. Oh, excuse me. I almost revealed too much to a traveler who has nothing to do with us.		Do you like the beautiful scenery of Delfaras? Located on the coastline of a sea, the likes of which are rarely found in other places, Delfaras is like a blossoming flower. However, beneath its beauty lies intense conflict. Oh, excuse me. I almost revealed too much to a traveler who has nothing to do with us.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
104	<Caravan> Marin Goldminer		<Caravan> Marin Goldminer	100	Ehem. You may think little of me because I'm short. But I'm the merchant that heads Cortogente, the second biggest merchants' association in this city. We recently overtook Umbriocueva by an inch , so we still need to be on our toes. Our goal is to overtake Goldielocks.				100	Ehem. You may think little of me because I'm short. But I'm the merchant that heads Cortogente, the second biggest merchants' association in this city. We recently overtook Umbriocueva by an inch , so we still need to be on our toes. Our goal is to overtake Goldielocks.	100	Ehem. You may think little of me because I'm short. But I'm the merchant that heads Cortogente, the second biggest merchants' association in this city. We recently overtook Umbriocueva by an inch , so we still need to be on our toes. Our goal is to overtake Goldielocks.	100	Ehem. You may think little of me because I'm short. But I'm the merchant that heads Cortogente, the second biggest merchants' association in this city. We recently overtook Umbriocueva by an inch , so we still need to be on our toes. Our goal is to overtake Goldielocks.
					Are you one of Goldielocks' spies? Or perhaps Maron's pawn? If you're hanging around with hopes of obtaining information from me, I'll make you pay for it. I'm not that naive. Leave if you have no more business with me.					Are you one of Goldielocks' spies? Or perhaps Maron's pawn? If you're hanging around with hopes of obtaining information from me, I'll make you pay for it. I'm not that naive. Leave if you have no more business with me.		Are you one of Goldielocks' spies? Or perhaps Maron's pawn? If you're hanging around with hopes of obtaining information from me, I'll make you pay for it. I'm not that naive. Leave if you have no more business with me.		Are you one of Goldielocks' spies? Or perhaps Maron's pawn? If you're hanging around with hopes of obtaining information from me, I'll make you pay for it. I'm not that naive. Leave if you have no more business with me.
					Many are laughing at the fact that Gnomes are in business. But we don't always dig underground and boast about our beards. We unite and work when we need to. As a great blacksmith, I have lots of merchandise to sell. That's what differentiates us from other merchants associations.					Many are laughing at the fact that Gnomes are in business. But we don't always dig underground and boast about our beards. We unite and work when we need to. As a great blacksmith, I have lots of merchandise to sell. That's what differentiates us from other merchants associations.		Many are laughing at the fact that Gnomes are in business. But we don't always dig underground and boast about our beards. We unite and work when we need to. As a great blacksmith, I have lots of merchandise to sell. That's what differentiates us from other merchants associations.		Many are laughing at the fact that Gnomes are in business. But we don't always dig underground and boast about our beards. We unite and work when we need to. As a great blacksmith, I have lots of merchandise to sell. That's what differentiates us from other merchants associations.
					Our merchants association supplied large quantities of armor and weapons when Tullan's military was in danger. As a result, our situation has become better. However, we're at an advantage in a certain aspects.					Our merchants association supplied large quantities of armor and weapons when Tullan's military was in danger. As a result, our situation has become better. However, we're at an advantage in a certain aspects.		Our merchants association supplied large quantities of armor and weapons when Tullan's military was in danger. As a result, our situation has become better. However, we're at an advantage in a certain aspects.		Our merchants association supplied large quantities of armor and weapons when Tullan's military was in danger. As a result, our situation has become better. However, we're at an advantage in a certain aspects.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
105	<Mathematician> Centergoras		<Mathematician> Centergoras	100	Overflowing with intelligence, Delfaras is a great place for me to carry out my research. I'm Centagoras, the mathematician. I ceaselessly research all things in the world and mathematics, one of the most complicated and magnificent studies. I have quite a few followers in this city.				100	Overflowing with intelligence, Delfaras is a great place for me to carry out my research. I'm Centagoras, the mathematician. I ceaselessly research all things in the world and mathematics, one of the most complicated and magnificent studies. I have quite a few followers in this city.	100	Overflowing with intelligence, Delfaras is a great place for me to carry out my research. I'm Centagoras, the mathematician. I ceaselessly research all things in the world and mathematics, one of the most complicated and magnificent studies. I have quite a few followers in this city.	100	Overflowing with intelligence, Delfaras is a great place for me to carry out my research. I'm Centagoras, the mathematician. I ceaselessly research all things in the world and mathematics, one of the most complicated and magnificent studies. I have quite a few followers in this city.
					Being a mathematician means being hungry. The job doesn't pay much. So in order to make a living, I also repair machinery. After all, mathematics and machinery are inseparable. It's fortunate that it's enough to make a living without depending on my students. Haha.					Being a mathematician means being hungry. The job doesn't pay much. So in order to make a living, I also repair machinery. After all, mathematics and machinery are inseparable. It's fortunate that it's enough to make a living without depending on my students. Haha.		Being a mathematician means being hungry. The job doesn't pay much. So in order to make a living, I also repair machinery. After all, mathematics and machinery are inseparable. It's fortunate that it's enough to make a living without depending on my students. Haha.		Being a mathematician means being hungry. The job doesn't pay much. So in order to make a living, I also repair machinery. After all, mathematics and machinery are inseparable. It's fortunate that it's enough to make a living without depending on my students. Haha.
					Have you ever seen my student, Pisarena? She's a librarian. She's young and short, but is quite well versed in the field of mathematics. Teaching her is my latest interest. Travelers with mathematic talent can see positive results if they learn from me.					Have you ever seen my student, Pisarena? She's a librarian. She's young and short, but is quite well versed in the field of mathematics. Teaching her is my latest interest. Travelers with mathematic talent can see positive results if they learn from me.		Have you ever seen my student, Pisarena? She's a librarian. She's young and short, but is quite well versed in the field of mathematics. Teaching her is my latest interest. Travelers with mathematic talent can see positive results if they learn from me.		Have you ever seen my student, Pisarena? She's a librarian. She's young and short, but is quite well versed in the field of mathematics. Teaching her is my latest interest. Travelers with mathematic talent can see positive results if they learn from me.
					Merchants are good with numbers, but only learn the calculations they need. It's quite sad that mathematics doesn't seem to be acknowledged much in this world. Hopefully, things will change.					Merchants are good with numbers, but only learn the calculations they need. It's quite sad that mathematics doesn't seem to be acknowledged much in this world. Hopefully, things will change.		Merchants are good with numbers, but only learn the calculations they need. It's quite sad that mathematics doesn't seem to be acknowledged much in this world. Hopefully, things will change.		Merchants are good with numbers, but only learn the calculations they need. It's quite sad that mathematics doesn't seem to be acknowledged much in this world. Hopefully, things will change.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
106	<Craftsman> Givinia		<Craftsman> Givinia	100	There are many different items imported through this port, including foreign gems. Each and every one of them is precious, but only find their full value when crafted by me, Gibinia. By the time I have worked with them, even cheap gems become precious jewelry sought after by noblemen.				100	There are many different items imported through this port, including foreign gems. Each and every one of them is precious, but only find their full value when crafted by me, Gibinia. By the time I have worked with them, even cheap gems become precious jewelry sought after by noblemen.	100	There are many different items imported through this port, including foreign gems. Each and every one of them is precious, but only find their full value when crafted by me, Gibinia. By the time I have worked with them, even cheap gems become precious jewelry sought after by noblemen.	100	There are many different items imported through this port, including foreign gems. Each and every one of them is precious, but only find their full value when crafted by me, Gibinia. By the time I have worked with them, even cheap gems become precious jewelry sought after by noblemen.
					Oh, there are so many of you travelers that I hardly even notice anymore. I managed to see you, but don't expect much more than that. Are you interested in learning crafting? Anyway, I have no intention of passing on my artistic skills to someone who wanders about like the wind. So don't bother asking.					Oh, there are so many of you travelers that I hardly even notice anymore. I managed to see you, but don't expect much more than that. Are you interested in learning crafting? Anyway, I have no intention of passing on my artistic skills to someone who wanders about like the wind. So don't bother asking.		Oh, there are so many of you travelers that I hardly even notice anymore. I managed to see you, but don't expect much more than that. Are you interested in learning crafting? Anyway, I have no intention of passing on my artistic skills to someone who wanders about like the wind. So don't bother asking.		Oh, there are so many of you travelers that I hardly even notice anymore. I managed to see you, but don't expect much more than that. Are you interested in learning crafting? Anyway, I have no intention of passing on my artistic skills to someone who wanders about like the wind. So don't bother asking.
					Goldielocks is determined to make me a member of a merchants association, but I have no interest in working with such a cheap person. Goldielocks sees everything as money. Well, crafting jewelry is not that trivial. It's an art that requires a lot of passion and dedication. You can't calculate art. Shame on them. Oh, I wasn't talking about you.					Goldielocks is determined to make me a member of a merchants association, but I have no interest in working with such a cheap person. Goldielocks sees everything as money. Well, crafting jewelry is not that trivial. It's an art that requires a lot of passion and dedication. You can't calculate art. Shame on them. Oh, I wasn't talking about you.		Goldielocks is determined to make me a member of a merchants association, but I have no interest in working with such a cheap person. Goldielocks sees everything as money. Well, crafting jewelry is not that trivial. It's an art that requires a lot of passion and dedication. You can't calculate art. Shame on them. Oh, I wasn't talking about you.		Goldielocks is determined to make me a member of a merchants association, but I have no interest in working with such a cheap person. Goldielocks sees everything as money. Well, crafting jewelry is not that trivial. It's an art that requires a lot of passion and dedication. You can't calculate art. Shame on them. Oh, I wasn't talking about you.
					The Stormhide Mountains are made of lime, so there aren't any gem mines. I hear the Nobleheim Mountains situated inland have a rich vein. However, they haven't been developed and I have yet to obtain any such gems. If you can find one, do bring it to me. Please.					The Stormhide Mountains are made of lime, so there aren't any gem mines. I hear the Nobleheim Mountains situated inland have a rich vein. However, they haven't been developed and I have yet to obtain any such gems. If you can find one, do bring it to me. Please.		The Stormhide Mountains are made of lime, so there aren't any gem mines. I hear the Nobleheim Mountains situated inland have a rich vein. However, they haven't been developed and I have yet to obtain any such gems. If you can find one, do bring it to me. Please.		The Stormhide Mountains are made of lime, so there aren't any gem mines. I hear the Nobleheim Mountains situated inland have a rich vein. However, they haven't been developed and I have yet to obtain any such gems. If you can find one, do bring it to me. Please.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
107	<Butler> Pudding		<Butler> Pudding	100	My name is Pudding and I'm the butler of Lord Hubas, a nobleman of Tullan. Being a butler is not for everyone. It may seem like a very simple and easy job, but I am responsible for everything that goes on in the house. I must be meticulous, intelligent and unconditionally obey the commands of my master.				100	My name is Pudding and I'm the butler of Lord Hubas, a nobleman of Tullan. Being a butler is not for everyone. It may seem like a very simple and easy job, but I am responsible for everything that goes on in the house. I must be meticulous, intelligent and unconditionally obey the commands of my master.	100	My name is Pudding and I'm the butler of Lord Hubas, a nobleman of Tullan. Being a butler is not for everyone. It may seem like a very simple and easy job, but I am responsible for everything that goes on in the house. I must be meticulous, intelligent and unconditionally obey the commands of my master.	100	My name is Pudding and I'm the butler of Lord Hubas, a nobleman of Tullan. Being a butler is not for everyone. It may seem like a very simple and easy job, but I am responsible for everything that goes on in the house. I must be meticulous, intelligent and unconditionally obey the commands of my master.
					It's been 3 years since Lord Hubas settled in this city. He crossed the sea on a voyage and ended up here. That's when he fell in love with a charming lady and settled down. I cannot tell you who she is. She rejected my master's love, but he still remains here to be close to her.					It's been 3 years since Lord Hubas settled in this city. He crossed the sea on a voyage and ended up here. That's when he fell in love with a charming lady and settled down. I cannot tell you who she is. She rejected my master's love, but he still remains here to be close to her.		It's been 3 years since Lord Hubas settled in this city. He crossed the sea on a voyage and ended up here. That's when he fell in love with a charming lady and settled down. I cannot tell you who she is. She rejected my master's love, but he still remains here to be close to her.		It's been 3 years since Lord Hubas settled in this city. He crossed the sea on a voyage and ended up here. That's when he fell in love with a charming lady and settled down. I cannot tell you who she is. She rejected my master's love, but he still remains here to be close to her.
					There is much to do. I have to do the dishes, feed the dog, clean the house...... So many little things. But I can do it all by myself and I am happy that my master is satisfied with my work.					There is much to do. I have to do the dishes, feed the dog, clean the house...... So many little things. But I can do it all by myself and I am happy that my master is satisfied with my work.		There is much to do. I have to do the dishes, feed the dog, clean the house...... So many little things. But I can do it all by myself and I am happy that my master is satisfied with my work.		There is much to do. I have to do the dishes, feed the dog, clean the house...... So many little things. But I can do it all by myself and I am happy that my master is satisfied with my work.
					The people of Tullan ask me now and then... If my master is important enough to have a butler, then he must have an estate and a mansion. Well, he does. That's where I work. But it cannot be seen from the outside. There is a big mansion underground, but...... Shh, don't tell anyone.					The people of Tullan ask me now and then... If my master is important enough to have a butler, then he must have an estate and a mansion. Well, he does. That's where I work. But it cannot be seen from the outside. There is a big mansion underground, but...... Shh, don't tell anyone.		The people of Tullan ask me now and then... If my master is important enough to have a butler, then he must have an estate and a mansion. Well, he does. That's where I work. But it cannot be seen from the outside. There is a big mansion underground, but...... Shh, don't tell anyone.		The people of Tullan ask me now and then... If my master is important enough to have a butler, then he must have an estate and a mansion. Well, he does. That's where I work. But it cannot be seen from the outside. There is a big mansion underground, but...... Shh, don't tell anyone.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
108	<Librarian> Pisarena		<Librarian> Pisarena	100	The library in our city has been there since my great, great grandfather's days. I heard there used to be a really big library but its importance decreased with the fights between the three main merchant associations and it disappeared one day. It became a warehouse and all the books were moved to a small house but I, Pisarena, will always be a librarian.				100	The library in our city has been there since my great, great grandfather's days. I heard there used to be a really big library but its importance decreased with the fights between the three main merchant associations and it disappeared one day. It became a warehouse and all the books were moved to a small house but I, Pisarena, will always be a librarian.	100	The library in our city has been there since my great, great grandfather's days. I heard there used to be a really big library but its importance decreased with the fights between the three main merchant associations and it disappeared one day. It became a warehouse and all the books were moved to a small house but I, Pisarena, will always be a librarian.	100	The library in our city has been there since my great, great grandfather's days. I heard there used to be a really big library but its importance decreased with the fights between the three main merchant associations and it disappeared one day. It became a warehouse and all the books were moved to a small house but I, Pisarena, will always be a librarian.
					I like books. They say that my parents used a book for my pillow when I was a baby. Naturally, there must always be books wherever I go and I always feel happy when I'm in their presence. I can read several times faster than others and have quick comprehension skills. Oh, my. I didn't mean to brag.					I like books. They say that my parents used a book for my pillow when I was a baby. Naturally, there must always be books wherever I go and I always feel happy when I'm in their presence. I can read several times faster than others and have quick comprehension skills. Oh, my. I didn't mean to brag.		I like books. They say that my parents used a book for my pillow when I was a baby. Naturally, there must always be books wherever I go and I always feel happy when I'm in their presence. I can read several times faster than others and have quick comprehension skills. Oh, my. I didn't mean to brag.		I like books. They say that my parents used a book for my pillow when I was a baby. Naturally, there must always be books wherever I go and I always feel happy when I'm in their presence. I can read several times faster than others and have quick comprehension skills. Oh, my. I didn't mean to brag.
					People call me a genius, but I simply study hard. I like reading books...... Besides that...... Oh, right. I don't enjoy playing like other kids. Is that a good thing? What's great is that Centagoras is my master.					People call me a genius, but I simply study hard. I like reading books...... Besides that...... Oh, right. I don't enjoy playing like other kids. Is that a good thing? What's great is that Centagoras is my master.		People call me a genius, but I simply study hard. I like reading books...... Besides that...... Oh, right. I don't enjoy playing like other kids. Is that a good thing? What's great is that Centagoras is my master.		People call me a genius, but I simply study hard. I like reading books...... Besides that...... Oh, right. I don't enjoy playing like other kids. Is that a good thing? What's great is that Centagoras is my master.
					Adults say that there are many precious books in our library but I don't know which ones they are. I can't just let anyone open the books. Someday, when a person with the right cause appears, I plan to show them the books.					Adults say that there are many precious books in our library but I don't know which ones they are. I can't just let anyone open the books. Someday, when a person with the right cause appears, I plan to show them the books.		Adults say that there are many precious books in our library but I don't know which ones they are. I can't just let anyone open the books. Someday, when a person with the right cause appears, I plan to show them the books.		Adults say that there are many precious books in our library but I don't know which ones they are. I can't just let anyone open the books. Someday, when a person with the right cause appears, I plan to show them the books.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
109	<Pharmacist> Joaquin		<Pharmacist> Joaquin	100	Work as a pharmacist is hard to come by lately. All kinds of weird potions are made by alchemists and magicians. This limits the type of potions we pharmacists can make for a profit. But I like what I do. I can make almost any patient better with a little bit of effort.				100	Work as a pharmacist is hard to come by lately. All kinds of weird potions are made by alchemists and magicians. This limits the type of potions we pharmacists can make for a profit. But I like what I do. I can make almost any patient better with a little bit of effort.	100	Work as a pharmacist is hard to come by lately. All kinds of weird potions are made by alchemists and magicians. This limits the type of potions we pharmacists can make for a profit. But I like what I do. I can make almost any patient better with a little bit of effort.	100	Work as a pharmacist is hard to come by lately. All kinds of weird potions are made by alchemists and magicians. This limits the type of potions we pharmacists can make for a profit. But I like what I do. I can make almost any patient better with a little bit of effort.
					The power of the Elementals comprising everything in the world are also basics in alchemy and magic. So if we analyzed both in detail, couldn't we obtain results as strong or even stronger than both? That's why I have so much interest in the herbs in the mountains and streams. Analyzing them will someday allow me to create a powerful concoction.					The power of the Elementals comprising everything in the world are also basics in alchemy and magic. So if we analyzed both in detail, couldn't we obtain results as strong or even stronger than both? That's why I have so much interest in the herbs in the mountains and streams. Analyzing them will someday allow me to create a powerful concoction.		The power of the Elementals comprising everything in the world are also basics in alchemy and magic. So if we analyzed both in detail, couldn't we obtain results as strong or even stronger than both? That's why I have so much interest in the herbs in the mountains and streams. Analyzing them will someday allow me to create a powerful concoction.		The power of the Elementals comprising everything in the world are also basics in alchemy and magic. So if we analyzed both in detail, couldn't we obtain results as strong or even stronger than both? That's why I have so much interest in the herbs in the mountains and streams. Analyzing them will someday allow me to create a powerful concoction.
					Fighting is often seen on the streets of Delfaras and as a result, many visit doctors and pharmacists. But the incessant fights have resulted in the one and only doctor in the city to leave. As a result, I'm in charge of taking on his workload as well. But this is my chance to show the greatness of herbs!					Fighting is often seen on the streets of Delfaras and as a result, many visit doctors and pharmacists. But the incessant fights have resulted in the one and only doctor in the city to leave. As a result, I'm in charge of taking on his workload as well. But this is my chance to show the greatness of herbs!		Fighting is often seen on the streets of Delfaras and as a result, many visit doctors and pharmacists. But the incessant fights have resulted in the one and only doctor in the city to leave. As a result, I'm in charge of taking on his workload as well. But this is my chance to show the greatness of herbs!		Fighting is often seen on the streets of Delfaras and as a result, many visit doctors and pharmacists. But the incessant fights have resulted in the one and only doctor in the city to leave. As a result, I'm in charge of taking on his workload as well. But this is my chance to show the greatness of herbs!
					There is one illness...... that cannot be fixed with medicine. I have a habit of becoming anxious in front of women I like. Ehem. There's one woman that really does this to me in this city. I'd like to fix this problem...... But even the ancient texts say...... that mental illnesses cannot be fixed with herbs. B-but I will still try. Otherwise, I'll be single forever.					There is one illness...... that cannot be fixed with medicine. I have a habit of becoming anxious in front of women I like. Ehem. There's one woman that really does this to me in this city. I'd like to fix this problem...... But even the ancient texts say...... that mental illnesses cannot be fixed with herbs. B-but I will still try. Otherwise, I'll be single forever.		There is one illness...... that cannot be fixed with medicine. I have a habit of becoming anxious in front of women I like. Ehem. There's one woman that really does this to me in this city. I'd like to fix this problem...... But even the ancient texts say...... that mental illnesses cannot be fixed with herbs. B-but I will still try. Otherwise, I'll be single forever.		There is one illness...... that cannot be fixed with medicine. I have a habit of becoming anxious in front of women I like. Ehem. There's one woman that really does this to me in this city. I'd like to fix this problem...... But even the ancient texts say...... that mental illnesses cannot be fixed with herbs. B-but I will still try. Otherwise, I'll be single forever.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
110	<Rogue> Tango		<Rogue> Tango	100	Hey. Don't call me a rogue. I, Tango, am simply a free spirit. I've never done anything to earn anyone's scorn. I've never been involved in a violent crime or provoked anyone. I simply eat and drink as I wish. So don't call me a rogue.				100	Hey. Don't call me a rogue. I, Tango, am simply a free spirit. I've never done anything to earn anyone's scorn. I've never been involved in a violent crime or provoked anyone. I simply eat and drink as I wish. So don't call me a rogue.	100	Hey. Don't call me a rogue. I, Tango, am simply a free spirit. I've never done anything to earn anyone's scorn. I've never been involved in a violent crime or provoked anyone. I simply eat and drink as I wish. So don't call me a rogue.	100	Hey. Don't call me a rogue. I, Tango, am simply a free spirit. I've never done anything to earn anyone's scorn. I've never been involved in a violent crime or provoked anyone. I simply eat and drink as I wish. So don't call me a rogue.
					I'm pretty good-looking, huh? That's why many women in this city find me attractive. No, I'm not joking! But I can't handle them all by myself. I need one special woman of my own. Hahaha! Oh, boy. I shouldn't talk about this, it's a secret.					I'm pretty good-looking, huh? That's why many women in this city find me attractive. No, I'm not joking! But I can't handle them all by myself. I need one special woman of my own. Hahaha! Oh, boy. I shouldn't talk about this, it's a secret.		I'm pretty good-looking, huh? That's why many women in this city find me attractive. No, I'm not joking! But I can't handle them all by myself. I need one special woman of my own. Hahaha! Oh, boy. I shouldn't talk about this, it's a secret.		I'm pretty good-looking, huh? That's why many women in this city find me attractive. No, I'm not joking! But I can't handle them all by myself. I need one special woman of my own. Hahaha! Oh, boy. I shouldn't talk about this, it's a secret.
					Do you think it's easy to settle in a city by just doing nothing? Certainly not. Wandering travelers like you probably can't even imagine it. It's an advanced skill. Yes, it is.					Do you think it's easy to settle in a city by just doing nothing? Certainly not. Wandering travelers like you probably can't even imagine it. It's an advanced skill. Yes, it is.		Do you think it's easy to settle in a city by just doing nothing? Certainly not. Wandering travelers like you probably can't even imagine it. It's an advanced skill. Yes, it is.		Do you think it's easy to settle in a city by just doing nothing? Certainly not. Wandering travelers like you probably can't even imagine it. It's an advanced skill. Yes, it is.
					I've lived all over the place. In Tullan too. But none of it was interesting. No place had such abundant goods as Tullan. Since there wasn't anything important for me to do, I came back. Home sweet home, huh?					I've lived all over the place. In Tullan too. But none of it was interesting. No place had such abundant goods as Tullan. Since there wasn't anything important for me to do, I came back. Home sweet home, huh?		I've lived all over the place. In Tullan too. But none of it was interesting. No place had such abundant goods as Tullan. Since there wasn't anything important for me to do, I came back. Home sweet home, huh?		I've lived all over the place. In Tullan too. But none of it was interesting. No place had such abundant goods as Tullan. Since there wasn't anything important for me to do, I came back. Home sweet home, huh?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
111	<Mysterious Knight> Blank		<Mysterious Knight> Blank	100	My name is Blank and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	Do you know about the Archlord? He's the almighty power that exists only in Chantra. He was bestowed with enormous power that the Elementals created in the underworld. Only one person can be given command in Chantra under the Archlord's name. Thousands of years have passed and it's time for that force to reemerge!	3	10	100	My name is Blank and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	100	My name is Blank and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	100	My name is Blank and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.
					We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.	There are 5 Archons in this world. You can be the Archlord only when you find all of these Archons, so naturally there is a lot of competition.	3	10		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.
					We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.	The reemergence of the Archons may be a coincidence, but it is inevitable. In the beginning, Humans and Orcs met in a desert. Nathan and Walcurae acquired the Archon of Fire and the Archon of Earth. These became the keys that called the Archlord back into this world.	3	10		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.
					Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.	I'm going to tell you of the epic stories of heroes from a 100 years ago... about the Human Zian Manas and the Orc Ugdrasil. Their violent battle brought temporary peace to this world. Intriguing, huh? Zian says he fought to defeat the Orcs and rescue Tullan. However, they were the reason the generations after fell into chaos.	3	10		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.
						A year ago, Usus, the Orc, attacked Tullan. He believed that the Archons were inside the castle there and tried to attack it. There are others who still believe what Usus did was wrong.	3	10						
						The Archons need a master. Even if someone finds the five Archons by luck, none of them will display their power unless the finder is worthy. The Archons will just remain useless rocks or gems.	3	10						
						The Elementals rejected the birth of the Archons and expelled the Archlord from Chantra. But now, the Elementals acknowledge the Archons and await the birth of the Archlord. They know that there will come a time when the birth of the Archlord is essential. But that time should never come......	3	10						
						The world is made of light and darkness. There's day and night. There's good and evil. There are the forces of the four main Elementals and there are Elementals who wish to destroy the world. But there are no records of this, not even in the records of the Elementals. Limited knowledge is not good.	3	10						
						Elemental Stones may be refined by being put through the Elemental Stone Refinery. When refined, the stone's degree of purity will increase and it will become stronger. But is that all? I hear there are more powerful effects. Travelers should find this out for themselves.	3	10						
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
112	<Mayor> Cutty		<Mayor> Cutty	100	I'm Mayor Cutty and I'm in charge of everything that happens inside the Castle of Tullan. In Delfaras, the Mayor has full authority, but the Mayor of this city is simply a subject of His Majesty. I fear that I may be a disgrace to His Majesty. I hope travelers like you will behave prudently.				100	I'm Mayor Cutty and I'm in charge of everything that happens inside the Castle of Tullan. In Delfaras, the Mayor has full authority, but the Mayor of this city is simply a subject of His Majesty. I fear that I may be a disgrace to His Majesty. I hope travelers like you will behave prudently.	100	I'm Mayor Cutty and I'm in charge of everything that happens inside the Castle of Tullan. In Delfaras, the Mayor has full authority, but the Mayor of this city is simply a subject of His Majesty. I fear that I may be a disgrace to His Majesty. I hope travelers like you will behave prudently.	100	I'm Mayor Cutty and I'm in charge of everything that happens inside the Castle of Tullan. In Delfaras, the Mayor has full authority, but the Mayor of this city is simply a subject of His Majesty. I fear that I may be a disgrace to His Majesty. I hope travelers like you will behave prudently.
					I like travelers. I was also a traveler when I was young, so I'm aware that travelers are a source of energy to the city and a medium for cultural exchange. They pass on important information about other cities. However, I have been on my guard against shifty people that have recently appeared in the city.					I like travelers. I was also a traveler when I was young, so I'm aware that travelers are a source of energy to the city and a medium for cultural exchange. They pass on important information about other cities. However, I have been on my guard against shifty people that have recently appeared in the city.		I like travelers. I was also a traveler when I was young, so I'm aware that travelers are a source of energy to the city and a medium for cultural exchange. They pass on important information about other cities. However, I have been on my guard against shifty people that have recently appeared in the city.		I like travelers. I was also a traveler when I was young, so I'm aware that travelers are a source of energy to the city and a medium for cultural exchange. They pass on important information about other cities. However, I have been on my guard against shifty people that have recently appeared in the city.
					Those visiting Tullan for the first time think I'm of the highest position in this city, but that's not true. As you know, we are a monarchial city, ruled by His Majesty. Of course, he's the direct descendant of King Radeus III. Recently, he's become considerably weak...I'm very worried.					Those visiting Tullan for the first time think I'm of the highest position in this city, but that's not true. As you know, we are a monarchial city, ruled by His Majesty. Of course, he's the direct descendant of King Radeus III. Recently, he's become considerably weak...I'm very worried.		Those visiting Tullan for the first time think I'm of the highest position in this city, but that's not true. As you know, we are a monarchial city, ruled by His Majesty. Of course, he's the direct descendant of King Radeus III. Recently, he's become considerably weak...I'm very worried.		Those visiting Tullan for the first time think I'm of the highest position in this city, but that's not true. As you know, we are a monarchial city, ruled by His Majesty. Of course, he's the direct descendant of King Radeus III. Recently, he's become considerably weak...I'm very worried.
					It's a demanding job to look over each aspect of the city in place of His Majesty. Should a riot like the one caused by Usus a year ago happen again, we may not be able to withstand it. Even if His Majesty were to punish me for the severe damages that we suffered before, I would have had nothing to say. However, he forgave me with his benevolent generosity. He is truly a great lord.					It's a demanding job to look over each aspect of the city in place of His Majesty. Should a riot like the one caused by Usus a year ago happen again, we may not be able to withstand it. Even if His Majesty were to punish me for the severe damages that we suffered before, I would have had nothing to say. However, he forgave me with his benevolent generosity. He is truly a great lord.		It's a demanding job to look over each aspect of the city in place of His Majesty. Should a riot like the one caused by Usus a year ago happen again, we may not be able to withstand it. Even if His Majesty were to punish me for the severe damages that we suffered before, I would have had nothing to say. However, he forgave me with his benevolent generosity. He is truly a great lord.		It's a demanding job to look over each aspect of the city in place of His Majesty. Should a riot like the one caused by Usus a year ago happen again, we may not be able to withstand it. Even if His Majesty were to punish me for the severe damages that we suffered before, I would have had nothing to say. However, he forgave me with his benevolent generosity. He is truly a great lord.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
113	<General> Beacon		<General> Beacon	100	My name is Beacon. I may be incompetent, but I'm still the general of this city. Like other cities, Tullan is currently being protected by mercenaries. I'm still a soldier of Tullan and I protect the royal family. Is it honorable? I think you'd think the same if you were to serve the royal family.				100	My name is Beacon. I may be incompetent, but I'm still the general of this city. Like other cities, Tullan is currently being protected by mercenaries. I'm still a soldier of Tullan and I protect the royal family. Is it honorable? I think you'd think the same if you were to serve the royal family.	100	My name is Beacon. I may be incompetent, but I'm still the general of this city. Like other cities, Tullan is currently being protected by mercenaries. I'm still a soldier of Tullan and I protect the royal family. Is it honorable? I think you'd think the same if you were to serve the royal family.	100	My name is Beacon. I may be incompetent, but I'm still the general of this city. Like other cities, Tullan is currently being protected by mercenaries. I'm still a soldier of Tullan and I protect the royal family. Is it honorable? I think you'd think the same if you were to serve the royal family.
					I've lost many faithful men because of the incidents during the past year. All the new recruits are a pain. I hate lazy people, but everyone of them seems to be so. Oh, I miss Keron. Where has he disappeared to?					I've lost many faithful men because of the incidents during the past year. All the new recruits are a pain. I hate lazy people, but everyone of them seems to be so. Oh, I miss Keron. Where has he disappeared to?		I've lost many faithful men because of the incidents during the past year. All the new recruits are a pain. I hate lazy people, but everyone of them seems to be so. Oh, I miss Keron. Where has he disappeared to?		I've lost many faithful men because of the incidents during the past year. All the new recruits are a pain. I hate lazy people, but everyone of them seems to be so. Oh, I miss Keron. Where has he disappeared to?
					Some of the young soldiers still have much animosity toward the Orcs. But that's not right. Based on the country-to- country and species-to-species agreement, we've already promised to stop the hatred. In the near future, forces of cooperation, not confrontation, will take over Chantra. Young soldiers need to act as pillars of the state.					Some of the young soldiers still have much animosity toward the Orcs. But that's not right. Based on the country-to- country and species-to-species agreement, we've already promised to stop the hatred. In the near future, forces of cooperation, not confrontation, will take over Chantra. Young soldiers need to act as pillars of the state.		Some of the young soldiers still have much animosity toward the Orcs. But that's not right. Based on the country-to- country and species-to-species agreement, we've already promised to stop the hatred. In the near future, forces of cooperation, not confrontation, will take over Chantra. Young soldiers need to act as pillars of the state.		Some of the young soldiers still have much animosity toward the Orcs. But that's not right. Based on the country-to- country and species-to-species agreement, we've already promised to stop the hatred. In the near future, forces of cooperation, not confrontation, will take over Chantra. Young soldiers need to act as pillars of the state.
					Recently many people have been in pursuit of finding the Archons, but I wonder how many of them are worthy of being heroes? Quite a few of them seem to be narrow-minded fellows who are solely interested in fame and money. But beware! It only takes a moment to fall into the netherworld.					Recently many people have been in pursuit of finding the Archons, but I wonder how many of them are worthy of being heroes? Quite a few of them seem to be narrow-minded fellows who are solely interested in fame and money. But beware! It only takes a moment to fall into the netherworld.		Recently many people have been in pursuit of finding the Archons, but I wonder how many of them are worthy of being heroes? Quite a few of them seem to be narrow-minded fellows who are solely interested in fame and money. But beware! It only takes a moment to fall into the netherworld.		Recently many people have been in pursuit of finding the Archons, but I wonder how many of them are worthy of being heroes? Quite a few of them seem to be narrow-minded fellows who are solely interested in fame and money. But beware! It only takes a moment to fall into the netherworld.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
114	<Sorcerer> Ron		<Sorcerer> Ron	100	Just call me Ron. I don't really see a reason to reveal my true name. I was a wandering sorcerer, but have temporarily settled down in Tullan like the Mayor here. I like diligent people. If you're diligent, I'll like you as well.				100	Just call me Ron. I don't really see a reason to reveal my true name. I was a wandering sorcerer, but have temporarily settled down in Tullan like the Mayor here. I like diligent people. If you're diligent, I'll like you as well.	100	Just call me Ron. I don't really see a reason to reveal my true name. I was a wandering sorcerer, but have temporarily settled down in Tullan like the Mayor here. I like diligent people. If you're diligent, I'll like you as well.	100	Just call me Ron. I don't really see a reason to reveal my true name. I was a wandering sorcerer, but have temporarily settled down in Tullan like the Mayor here. I like diligent people. If you're diligent, I'll like you as well.
					There's no special reason why I'm using an alias. It's simply because my name is a little too long. It's not because I want to hide myself. Well, I still can't tell you my real name. You'll never be able to pronounce it anyway.					There's no special reason why I'm using an alias. It's simply because my name is a little too long. It's not because I want to hide myself. Well, I still can't tell you my real name. You'll never be able to pronounce it anyway.		There's no special reason why I'm using an alias. It's simply because my name is a little too long. It's not because I want to hide myself. Well, I still can't tell you my real name. You'll never be able to pronounce it anyway.		There's no special reason why I'm using an alias. It's simply because my name is a little too long. It's not because I want to hide myself. Well, I still can't tell you my real name. You'll never be able to pronounce it anyway.
					I'm very interested in the Archons. If possible, I'd like to find them myself and become a powerful mage. Oh, I hope the legend is true. But the way I research magic is a bit different......					I'm very interested in the Archons. If possible, I'd like to find them myself and become a powerful mage. Oh, I hope the legend is true. But the way I research magic is a bit different......		I'm very interested in the Archons. If possible, I'd like to find them myself and become a powerful mage. Oh, I hope the legend is true. But the way I research magic is a bit different......		I'm very interested in the Archons. If possible, I'd like to find them myself and become a powerful mage. Oh, I hope the legend is true. But the way I research magic is a bit different......
					Hmm. Wait. Don't bother me. I have serious thinking to do.					Hmm. Wait. Don't bother me. I have serious thinking to do.		Hmm. Wait. Don't bother me. I have serious thinking to do.		Hmm. Wait. Don't bother me. I have serious thinking to do.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
115	<Guard> Arian		<Guard> Arian	100	Gulp. I'm Arian and I'm a guard. I have a strong sense of duty to protect Tullan. Who else would do so if I didn't? Haha. I can't help that I get nervous, but I'm confident that I can fight well!				100	Gulp. I'm Arian and I'm a guard. I have a strong sense of duty to protect Tullan. Who else would do so if I didn't? Haha. I can't help that I get nervous, but I'm confident that I can fight well!	100	Gulp. I'm Arian and I'm a guard. I have a strong sense of duty to protect Tullan. Who else would do so if I didn't? Haha. I can't help that I get nervous, but I'm confident that I can fight well!	100	Gulp. I'm Arian and I'm a guard. I have a strong sense of duty to protect Tullan. Who else would do so if I didn't? Haha. I can't help that I get nervous, but I'm confident that I can fight well!
					I know best my own limits, which is why I don't intend to cower. You travelers are simply targets of observation for me. Be careful not to commit a sin or drag monsters into this city.					I know best my own limits, which is why I don't intend to cower. You travelers are simply targets of observation for me. Be careful not to commit a sin or drag monsters into this city.		I know best my own limits, which is why I don't intend to cower. You travelers are simply targets of observation for me. Be careful not to commit a sin or drag monsters into this city.		I know best my own limits, which is why I don't intend to cower. You travelers are simply targets of observation for me. Be careful not to commit a sin or drag monsters into this city.
					I used to be quite something before I became a guard. But I was moved by some of the mayor's speeches and...... ended up in this position. At first, I used to miss the old days because it was so intense and strenuous. But I'm used to it now. Ha! Bring it on! Arian will take all of you on!					I used to be quite something before I became a guard. But I was moved by some of the mayor's speeches and...... ended up in this position. At first, I used to miss the old days because it was so intense and strenuous. But I'm used to it now. Ha! Bring it on! Arian will take all of you on!		I used to be quite something before I became a guard. But I was moved by some of the mayor's speeches and...... ended up in this position. At first, I used to miss the old days because it was so intense and strenuous. But I'm used to it now. Ha! Bring it on! Arian will take all of you on!		I used to be quite something before I became a guard. But I was moved by some of the mayor's speeches and...... ended up in this position. At first, I used to miss the old days because it was so intense and strenuous. But I'm used to it now. Ha! Bring it on! Arian will take all of you on!
					With so many travelers coming in and out security in Tullan isn't like it used to be. Even when trouble breaks out, it's difficult to solve it. Still, protecting the city is necessary. Come to think of it, aren't we protecting the city from outside forces? Any internal problems should be solved among ourselves. Hm, now that I think about it, guards were the ones who appeared when trouble broke out. I see.					With so many travelers coming in and out security in Tullan isn't like it used to be. Even when trouble breaks out, it's difficult to solve it. Still, protecting the city is necessary. Come to think of it, aren't we protecting the city from outside forces? Any internal problems should be solved among ourselves. Hm, now that I think about it, guards were the ones who appeared when trouble broke out. I see.		With so many travelers coming in and out security in Tullan isn't like it used to be. Even when trouble breaks out, it's difficult to solve it. Still, protecting the city is necessary. Come to think of it, aren't we protecting the city from outside forces? Any internal problems should be solved among ourselves. Hm, now that I think about it, guards were the ones who appeared when trouble broke out. I see.		With so many travelers coming in and out security in Tullan isn't like it used to be. Even when trouble breaks out, it's difficult to solve it. Still, protecting the city is necessary. Come to think of it, aren't we protecting the city from outside forces? Any internal problems should be solved among ourselves. Hm, now that I think about it, guards were the ones who appeared when trouble broke out. I see.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
116	<Mysterious Knight> Mysterio		<Mysterious Knight> Mysterio	100	My name is Mysterio and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	Do you know about the Archlord? He's the almighty power that exists only in Chantra. He was bestowed with enormous power that the Elementals created in the underworld. Only one person can be given command in Chantra under the Archlord's name. Thousands of years have passed and it's time for that force to reemerge!	3	10	100	My name is Mysterio and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	100	My name is Mysterio and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	100	My name is Mysterio and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.
					We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.	There are 5 Archons in this world. You can be the Archlord only when you find all of these Archons, so naturally there is a lot of competition.	3	10		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.
					We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.	The reemergence of the Archons may be a coincidence, but it is inevitable. In the beginning, Humans and Orcs met in a desert. Nathan and Walcurae acquired the Archon of Fire and the Archon of Earth. These became the keys that called the Archlord back into this world.	3	10		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.
					Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.	I'm going to tell you of the epic stories of heroes from a 100 years ago... about the Human Zian Manas and the Orc Ugdrasil. Their violent battle brought temporary peace to this world. Intriguing, huh? Zian says he fought to defeat the Orcs and rescue Tullan. However, they were the reason the generations after fell into chaos.	3	10		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.
						A year ago, Usus, the Orc, attacked Tullan. He believed that the Archons were inside the castle there and tried to attack it. There are others who still believe what Usus did was wrong.	3	10						
						The Archons need a master. Even if someone finds the five Archons by luck, none of them will display their power unless the finder is worthy. The Archons will just remain useless rocks or gems.	3	10						
						The Elementals rejected the birth of the Archons and expelled the Archlord from Chantra. But now, the Elementals acknowledge the Archons and await the birth of the Archlord. They know that there will come a time when the birth of the Archlord is essential. But that time should never come......	3	10						
						The world is made of light and darkness. There's day and night. There's good and evil. There are the forces of the four main Elementals and there are Elementals who wish to destroy the world. But there are no records of this, not even in the records of the Elementals. Limited knowledge is not good.	3	10						
						Elemental Stones may be refined by being put through the Elemental Stone Refinery. When refined, the stone's degree of purity will increase and it will become stronger. But is that all? I hear there are more powerful effects. Travelers should find this out for themselves.	3	10						
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
117	<Elder> Brusoto		<Elder> Brusoto	100	I'm Brusoto, an Elder living in the small village of Golundo. It may be small, but Golundo has a long history. Originally, it wasn't an Orc village, but the time we settled down here coincides with the time our ancestors came ashore on the East Coast. The village really is that old.				100	I'm Brusoto, an Elder living in the small village of Golundo. It may be small, but Golundo has a long history. Originally, it wasn't an Orc village, but the time we settled down here coincides with the time our ancestors came ashore on the East Coast. The village really is that old.	100	I'm Brusoto, an Elder living in the small village of Golundo. It may be small, but Golundo has a long history. Originally, it wasn't an Orc village, but the time we settled down here coincides with the time our ancestors came ashore on the East Coast. The village really is that old.	100	I'm Brusoto, an Elder living in the small village of Golundo. It may be small, but Golundo has a long history. Originally, it wasn't an Orc village, but the time we settled down here coincides with the time our ancestors came ashore on the East Coast. The village really is that old.
					I'm old now, but when I was young, I was quite strong! I was strong enough to shake up an entire mountain when I was angry. Ha! Hm, you don't seem too convinced. So you won't believe it unless you see it, huh? I guess I'll have to prove myself in front of all the travelers one day.					I'm old now, but when I was young, I was quite strong! I was strong enough to shake up an entire mountain when I was angry. Ha! Hm, you don't seem too convinced. So you won't believe it unless you see it, huh? I guess I'll have to prove myself in front of all the travelers one day.		I'm old now, but when I was young, I was quite strong! I was strong enough to shake up an entire mountain when I was angry. Ha! Hm, you don't seem too convinced. So you won't believe it unless you see it, huh? I guess I'll have to prove myself in front of all the travelers one day.		I'm old now, but when I was young, I was quite strong! I was strong enough to shake up an entire mountain when I was angry. Ha! Hm, you don't seem too convinced. So you won't believe it unless you see it, huh? I guess I'll have to prove myself in front of all the travelers one day.
					You should know that being an elder in this village isn't that simple or easy. It requires intelligence, virtue, physical strength, diligence and certainly a love for the village. To top it all, you must believe in yourself. Let's see. Hmm, you don't seem worthy. You're lacking in too many aspects.					You should know that being an elder in this village isn't that simple or easy. It requires intelligence, virtue, physical strength, diligence and certainly a love for the village. To top it all, you must believe in yourself. Let's see. Hmm, you don't seem worthy. You're lacking in too many aspects.		You should know that being an elder in this village isn't that simple or easy. It requires intelligence, virtue, physical strength, diligence and certainly a love for the village. To top it all, you must believe in yourself. Let's see. Hmm, you don't seem worthy. You're lacking in too many aspects.		You should know that being an elder in this village isn't that simple or easy. It requires intelligence, virtue, physical strength, diligence and certainly a love for the village. To top it all, you must believe in yourself. Let's see. Hmm, you don't seem worthy. You're lacking in too many aspects.
					There are several festivals in Golundo. One of my main jobs is to hold these festivals. Of course, all the people help out, but it's necessary to actively manage everything. I'm not bragging, but just explaining what I do. Don't take it too seriously.					There are several festivals in Golundo. One of my main jobs is to hold these festivals. Of course, all the people help out, but it's necessary to actively manage everything. I'm not bragging, but just explaining what I do. Don't take it too seriously.		There are several festivals in Golundo. One of my main jobs is to hold these festivals. Of course, all the people help out, but it's necessary to actively manage everything. I'm not bragging, but just explaining what I do. Don't take it too seriously.		There are several festivals in Golundo. One of my main jobs is to hold these festivals. Of course, all the people help out, but it's necessary to actively manage everything. I'm not bragging, but just explaining what I do. Don't take it too seriously.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
118	<Guard> Rogen		<Guard> Rogen	100	Are you lost? No? Well, I guess Golundo isn't complex enough for you to be lost. It has quite a simple street network in my opinion and anyone can find their way to their destination. You seem like a traveler too. I hope you have a nice time in Golundo.				100	Are you lost? No? Well, I guess Golundo isn't complex enough for you to be lost. It has quite a simple street network in my opinion and anyone can find their way to their destination. You seem like a traveler too. I hope you have a nice time in Golundo.	100	Are you lost? No? Well, I guess Golundo isn't complex enough for you to be lost. It has quite a simple street network in my opinion and anyone can find their way to their destination. You seem like a traveler too. I hope you have a nice time in Golundo.	100	Are you lost? No? Well, I guess Golundo isn't complex enough for you to be lost. It has quite a simple street network in my opinion and anyone can find their way to their destination. You seem like a traveler too. I hope you have a nice time in Golundo.
					Honestly, it's too cold here. Not being from around here, it's hard to endure such conditions, but I am adapting a little. Are you not from these parts? Golundo only opens its arms to those who can adapt. Beware.					Honestly, it's too cold here. Not being from around here, it's hard to endure such conditions, but I am adapting a little. Are you not from these parts? Golundo only opens its arms to those who can adapt. Beware.		Honestly, it's too cold here. Not being from around here, it's hard to endure such conditions, but I am adapting a little. Are you not from these parts? Golundo only opens its arms to those who can adapt. Beware.		Honestly, it's too cold here. Not being from around here, it's hard to endure such conditions, but I am adapting a little. Are you not from these parts? Golundo only opens its arms to those who can adapt. Beware.
					Recently, there's been a significant increase in the number of monsters and many seem to be new monsters we've never seen before. I don't know why they're appearing. The elders say it has to do with Nordenland. Whoever our enemy is, I'm prepared to protect our village. I'll fight till the end.					Recently, there's been a significant increase in the number of monsters and many seem to be new monsters we've never seen before. I don't know why they're appearing. The elders say it has to do with Nordenland. Whoever our enemy is, I'm prepared to protect our village. I'll fight till the end.		Recently, there's been a significant increase in the number of monsters and many seem to be new monsters we've never seen before. I don't know why they're appearing. The elders say it has to do with Nordenland. Whoever our enemy is, I'm prepared to protect our village. I'll fight till the end.		Recently, there's been a significant increase in the number of monsters and many seem to be new monsters we've never seen before. I don't know why they're appearing. The elders say it has to do with Nordenland. Whoever our enemy is, I'm prepared to protect our village. I'll fight till the end.
					Have you heard of the Yeti? They say Golundo used to be their home. I heard the Yetis driven from this village are currently living somewhere deep in the Solcid Mountains. Now and then, there are talks about Orc children being kidnapped by them. They seem to have a grudge because we chased them out.					Have you heard of the Yeti? They say Golundo used to be their home. I heard the Yetis driven from this village are currently living somewhere deep in the Solcid Mountains. Now and then, there are talks about Orc children being kidnapped by them. They seem to have a grudge because we chased them out.		Have you heard of the Yeti? They say Golundo used to be their home. I heard the Yetis driven from this village are currently living somewhere deep in the Solcid Mountains. Now and then, there are talks about Orc children being kidnapped by them. They seem to have a grudge because we chased them out.		Have you heard of the Yeti? They say Golundo used to be their home. I heard the Yetis driven from this village are currently living somewhere deep in the Solcid Mountains. Now and then, there are talks about Orc children being kidnapped by them. They seem to have a grudge because we chased them out.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
119	<Guard> Dolph		<Guard> Dolph	100	Oh, you're a traveler. My name is Dolph. Hm. I like you. You could be a lot of help to me. Oh, don't get me wrong. I don't mean it in a bad way. I just can't help but I couldn't take my eyes off of you. Try and look around to see if there are any useful things to do.				100	Oh, you're a traveler. My name is Dolph. Hm. I like you. You could be a lot of help to me. Oh, don't get me wrong. I don't mean it in a bad way. I just can't help but I couldn't take my eyes off of you. Try and look around to see if there are any useful things to do.	100	Oh, you're a traveler. My name is Dolph. Hm. I like you. You could be a lot of help to me. Oh, don't get me wrong. I don't mean it in a bad way. I just can't help but I couldn't take my eyes off of you. Try and look around to see if there are any useful things to do.	100	Oh, you're a traveler. My name is Dolph. Hm. I like you. You could be a lot of help to me. Oh, don't get me wrong. I don't mean it in a bad way. I just can't help but I couldn't take my eyes off of you. Try and look around to see if there are any useful things to do.
					That Rogen. isn't he amazing? We are in the same boat, so we don't give out orders to anyone. But he's always right. We've never suffered casualties after listening to Rogen. I really like him for that. If you need help during your travels, go and ask Rogen.					That Rogen. isn't he amazing? We are in the same boat, so we don't give out orders to anyone. But he's always right. We've never suffered casualties after listening to Rogen. I really like him for that. If you need help during your travels, go and ask Rogen.		That Rogen. isn't he amazing? We are in the same boat, so we don't give out orders to anyone. But he's always right. We've never suffered casualties after listening to Rogen. I really like him for that. If you need help during your travels, go and ask Rogen.		That Rogen. isn't he amazing? We are in the same boat, so we don't give out orders to anyone. But he's always right. We've never suffered casualties after listening to Rogen. I really like him for that. If you need help during your travels, go and ask Rogen.
					It's not an easy life, but it's not that bad either. An Orc must know how to defend them self with a big weapon! I can feel the blood of a fighter inside me!					It's not an easy life, but it's not that bad either. An Orc must know how to defend them self with a big weapon! I can feel the blood of a fighter inside me!		It's not an easy life, but it's not that bad either. An Orc must know how to defend them self with a big weapon! I can feel the blood of a fighter inside me!		It's not an easy life, but it's not that bad either. An Orc must know how to defend them self with a big weapon! I can feel the blood of a fighter inside me!
					Have you ever met anyone you liked during your travels? I did in this village. Hm, I must admit I'm attracted to Rogen. It's not about her looks! She's very generous, deep and a great fighter. I've fallen for her. But...... I must capture the moment.					Have you ever met anyone you liked during your travels? I did in this village. Hm, I must admit I'm attracted to Rogen. It's not about her looks! She's very generous, deep and a great fighter. I've fallen for her. But...... I must capture the moment.		Have you ever met anyone you liked during your travels? I did in this village. Hm, I must admit I'm attracted to Rogen. It's not about her looks! She's very generous, deep and a great fighter. I've fallen for her. But...... I must capture the moment.		Have you ever met anyone you liked during your travels? I did in this village. Hm, I must admit I'm attracted to Rogen. It's not about her looks! She's very generous, deep and a great fighter. I've fallen for her. But...... I must capture the moment.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
120	<Mysterious Warrior> Bausch		<Mysterious Warrior> Bausch	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	Do you know about the Archlord? He's the almighty power that exists only in Chantra. He was bestowed with enormous power that the Elementals created in the underworld. Only one person can be given command in Chantra under the Archlord's name. Thousands of years have passed and it's time for that force to reemerge!	3	10	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!
					You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.	There are 5 Archons in this world. You can be the Archlord only when you find all of these Archons, so naturally there is a lot of competition.	3	10		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.
					The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.	The reemergence of the Archons may be a coincidence, but it is inevitable. In the beginning, Humans and Orcs met in a desert. Nathan and Walcurae acquired the Archon of Fire and the Archon of Earth. These became the keys that called the Archlord back into this world.	3	10		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.
					Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.	During the 100 Year war, Ugdrasil failed to acquire the Archon. What a pity for the orcs! If he had acquired that almighty power maybe he could've become the Archlord. You travelers should follow his will under the banner of the orcs!	3	10		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.
						Usus' Tullan's conquest left much to be desired. The old orc leaders blamed him for his exaggerated actions, but without that kind of aggression in combat no one can expect to become The Archlord.  Where is Usus now? Nobody knows...though many rumors exist...	3	10						
						The Archons need a master. Even if someone finds the five Archons by luck, none of them will display their power unless the finder is worthy. The Archons will just remain useless rocks or gems.	3	10						
						The Elementals rejected the birth of the Archons and expelled the Archlord from Chantra. But now, the Elementals acknowledge the Archons and await the birth of the Archlord. They know that there will come a time when the birth of the Archlord is essential. But that time should never come......	3	10						
						The world is made of light and darkness. There's day and night. There's good and evil. There are the forces of the four main Elementals and there are Elementals who wish to destroy the world. But there are no records of this, not even in the records of the Elementals. Limited knowledge is not good.	3	10						
						Elemental Stones may be refined by being put through the Elemental Stone Refinery. When refined, the stone's degree of purity will increase and it will become stronger. But is that all? I hear there are more powerful effects. Travelers should find this out for themselves.	3	10						
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
121	<Mayor> Dason		<Mayor> Dason	100	I'm Dason, Mayor of Kuhn. Kuhn is known as a military city. The entire city is like a fortress and our brave soldiers will never retreat in battle...no matter who the enemy might be. Mercenaries come in and out and tension overflows even in peaceful times. It's my duty to make such a city run smoothly.				100	I'm Dason, Mayor of Kuhn. Kuhn is known as a military city. The entire city is like a fortress and our brave soldiers will never retreat in battle...no matter who the enemy might be. Mercenaries come in and out and tension overflows even in peaceful times. It's my duty to make such a city run smoothly.	100	I'm Dason, Mayor of Kuhn. Kuhn is known as a military city. The entire city is like a fortress and our brave soldiers will never retreat in battle...no matter who the enemy might be. Mercenaries come in and out and tension overflows even in peaceful times. It's my duty to make such a city run smoothly.	100	I'm Dason, Mayor of Kuhn. Kuhn is known as a military city. The entire city is like a fortress and our brave soldiers will never retreat in battle...no matter who the enemy might be. Mercenaries come in and out and tension overflows even in peaceful times. It's my duty to make such a city run smoothly.
					I was originally a sorcerer. I guess you could say I am the strangest being in this city. There was a lot of resistance when I first became Mayor, but Mercenary Commander Burke was able to quiet the people down. How are things now? They're a lot better. People don't openly express their disapproval.					I was originally a sorcerer. I guess you could say I am the strangest being in this city. There was a lot of resistance when I first became Mayor, but Mercenary Commander Burke was able to quiet the people down. How are things now? They're a lot better. People don't openly express their disapproval.		I was originally a sorcerer. I guess you could say I am the strangest being in this city. There was a lot of resistance when I first became Mayor, but Mercenary Commander Burke was able to quiet the people down. How are things now? They're a lot better. People don't openly express their disapproval.		I was originally a sorcerer. I guess you could say I am the strangest being in this city. There was a lot of resistance when I first became Mayor, but Mercenary Commander Burke was able to quiet the people down. How are things now? They're a lot better. People don't openly express their disapproval.
					I'm originally from the magic city of Shamrock. It's the closest city to Kuhn. But because of the collapsed mountain, the road to Shamrock has been blocked. The only way to get there is over the mountain, but it's not easy. Shamrock and Kuhn are on very bad terms. So now it's even harder to go there.					I'm originally from the magic city of Shamrock. It's the closest city to Kuhn. But because of the collapsed mountain, the road to Shamrock has been blocked. The only way to get there is over the mountain, but it's not easy. Shamrock and Kuhn are on very bad terms. So now it's even harder to go there.		I'm originally from the magic city of Shamrock. It's the closest city to Kuhn. But because of the collapsed mountain, the road to Shamrock has been blocked. The only way to get there is over the mountain, but it's not easy. Shamrock and Kuhn are on very bad terms. So now it's even harder to go there.		I'm originally from the magic city of Shamrock. It's the closest city to Kuhn. But because of the collapsed mountain, the road to Shamrock has been blocked. The only way to get there is over the mountain, but it's not easy. Shamrock and Kuhn are on very bad terms. So now it's even harder to go there.
					When Usus started his rebellion, he took away the bravest soldiers in this city. They must now be on the run just like Usus. It's unfortunate, considering how brave they were. They could have fought for good, not evil.					When Usus started his rebellion, he took away the bravest soldiers in this city. They must now be on the run just like Usus. It's unfortunate, considering how brave they were. They could have fought for good, not evil.		When Usus started his rebellion, he took away the bravest soldiers in this city. They must now be on the run just like Usus. It's unfortunate, considering how brave they were. They could have fought for good, not evil.		When Usus started his rebellion, he took away the bravest soldiers in this city. They must now be on the run just like Usus. It's unfortunate, considering how brave they were. They could have fought for good, not evil.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
122	<Mercenary Commander> Burke		<Mercenary Commander> Burke	100	I...I'm Commander Burke. I'm a poor speaker, so don't expect too much from me! I used to be the most powerful warrior, but now I'm older, and a lot less powerful, but strength is not everything in battle! My past experience is all in my head in the form of strategies and tactics. Adventurer, think about my ability before you undermine me.				100	I...I'm Commander Burke. I'm a poor speaker, so don't expect too much from me! I used to be the most powerful warrior, but now I'm older, and a lot less powerful, but strength is not everything in battle! My past experience is all in my head in the form of strategies and tactics. Adventurer, think about my ability before you undermine me.	100	I...I'm Commander Burke. I'm a poor speaker, so don't expect too much from me! I used to be the most powerful warrior, but now I'm older, and a lot less powerful, but strength is not everything in battle! My past experience is all in my head in the form of strategies and tactics. Adventurer, think about my ability before you undermine me.	100	I...I'm Commander Burke. I'm a poor speaker, so don't expect too much from me! I used to be the most powerful warrior, but now I'm older, and a lot less powerful, but strength is not everything in battle! My past experience is all in my head in the form of strategies and tactics. Adventurer, think about my ability before you undermine me.
					I'm in search of a soldier suitable for Kuhn. Soldiers these days are big and strong, but don't have the brains. Running around like a pack of wolves doesn't make you a good fighter. There are too many in this city that are disgracing my name.					I'm in search of a soldier suitable for Kuhn. Soldiers these days are big and strong, but don't have the brains. Running around like a pack of wolves doesn't make you a good fighter. There are too many in this city that are disgracing my name.		I'm in search of a soldier suitable for Kuhn. Soldiers these days are big and strong, but don't have the brains. Running around like a pack of wolves doesn't make you a good fighter. There are too many in this city that are disgracing my name.		I'm in search of a soldier suitable for Kuhn. Soldiers these days are big and strong, but don't have the brains. Running around like a pack of wolves doesn't make you a good fighter. There are too many in this city that are disgracing my name.
					There are soldiers who think that a commander's job is to raise his voice, shout, drive soldiers here and there and ask them to sacrifice their lives when needed. But that kind of leader never gets through to mercenaries. Who would follow a leader unless he values the lives of his men as much as his? Haven't you reached the same conclusion during your travels?					There are soldiers who think that a commander's job is to raise his voice, shout, drive soldiers here and there and ask them to sacrifice their lives when needed. But that kind of leader never gets through to mercenaries. Who would follow a leader unless he values the lives of his men as much as his? Haven't you reached the same conclusion during your travels?		There are soldiers who think that a commander's job is to raise his voice, shout, drive soldiers here and there and ask them to sacrifice their lives when needed. But that kind of leader never gets through to mercenaries. Who would follow a leader unless he values the lives of his men as much as his? Haven't you reached the same conclusion during your travels?		There are soldiers who think that a commander's job is to raise his voice, shout, drive soldiers here and there and ask them to sacrifice their lives when needed. But that kind of leader never gets through to mercenaries. Who would follow a leader unless he values the lives of his men as much as his? Haven't you reached the same conclusion during your travels?
					They call it Kuhn, the city of mercenaries and, of course, the tradition still prevails. But it's no longer an easy task. All the mercenaries are leaving in hopes of becoming the Archlord. What if Kuhn loses all of its fighters?					They call it Kuhn, the city of mercenaries and, of course, the tradition still prevails. But it's no longer an easy task. All the mercenaries are leaving in hopes of becoming the Archlord. What if Kuhn loses all of its fighters?		They call it Kuhn, the city of mercenaries and, of course, the tradition still prevails. But it's no longer an easy task. All the mercenaries are leaving in hopes of becoming the Archlord. What if Kuhn loses all of its fighters?		They call it Kuhn, the city of mercenaries and, of course, the tradition still prevails. But it's no longer an easy task. All the mercenaries are leaving in hopes of becoming the Archlord. What if Kuhn loses all of its fighters?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
123	<Guard> Dodomon		<Guard> Dodomon	100	I'm Dodomon. I'm a city guard and Mayor Dason's right hand. In terms of strength, I'm probably one of the top five in this city. But I leave most of my work to other mercenaries and I supervise them. I hope to share a bit of Commander Burke's burden.				100	I'm Dodomon. I'm a city guard and Mayor Dason's right hand. In terms of strength, I'm probably one of the top five in this city. But I leave most of my work to other mercenaries and I supervise them. I hope to share a bit of Commander Burke's burden.	100	I'm Dodomon. I'm a city guard and Mayor Dason's right hand. In terms of strength, I'm probably one of the top five in this city. But I leave most of my work to other mercenaries and I supervise them. I hope to share a bit of Commander Burke's burden.	100	I'm Dodomon. I'm a city guard and Mayor Dason's right hand. In terms of strength, I'm probably one of the top five in this city. But I leave most of my work to other mercenaries and I supervise them. I hope to share a bit of Commander Burke's burden.
					The situation in Kuhn is quite complex these days. Mercenaries and assassins are fighting to claim credit over certain things and the mercenaries are more focused on finding the Archons than doing their job. In addition, both Civil Militia Captains are at each other's throats so there's a heap of problems! I wish things would settle down quickly.					The situation in Kuhn is quite complex these days. Mercenaries and assassins are fighting to claim credit over certain things and the mercenaries are more focused on finding the Archons than doing their job. In addition, both Civil Militia Captains are at each other's throats so there's a heap of problems! I wish things would settle down quickly.		The situation in Kuhn is quite complex these days. Mercenaries and assassins are fighting to claim credit over certain things and the mercenaries are more focused on finding the Archons than doing their job. In addition, both Civil Militia Captains are at each other's throats so there's a heap of problems! I wish things would settle down quickly.		The situation in Kuhn is quite complex these days. Mercenaries and assassins are fighting to claim credit over certain things and the mercenaries are more focused on finding the Archons than doing their job. In addition, both Civil Militia Captains are at each other's throats so there's a heap of problems! I wish things would settle down quickly.
					The more people that are after the Archons, the less number of mercenaries. That's what our captain fears. Then what if we, as a unit, openly search for the Archons? Wouldn't that make us one again? I actually suggested this to the captain, but he rejected it. I'll keep trying until it's accepted.					The more people that are after the Archons, the less number of mercenaries. That's what our captain fears. Then what if we, as a unit, openly search for the Archons? Wouldn't that make us one again? I actually suggested this to the captain, but he rejected it. I'll keep trying until it's accepted.		The more people that are after the Archons, the less number of mercenaries. That's what our captain fears. Then what if we, as a unit, openly search for the Archons? Wouldn't that make us one again? I actually suggested this to the captain, but he rejected it. I'll keep trying until it's accepted.		The more people that are after the Archons, the less number of mercenaries. That's what our captain fears. Then what if we, as a unit, openly search for the Archons? Wouldn't that make us one again? I actually suggested this to the captain, but he rejected it. I'll keep trying until it's accepted.
					I really don't like that machine that spins in the middle of the city. I feel there should be no magical devices in Kuhn. Well, that's a magical tool, isn't it? What does the Alchemy Society do? I'll be sure to tell them my opinion when I see them. Come to think of it, Montro's also an alchemist. I'll go tell him.					I really don't like that machine that spins in the middle of the city. I feel there should be no magical devices in Kuhn. Well, that's a magical tool, isn't it? What does the Alchemy Society do? I'll be sure to tell them my opinion when I see them. Come to think of it, Montro's also an alchemist. I'll go tell him.		I really don't like that machine that spins in the middle of the city. I feel there should be no magical devices in Kuhn. Well, that's a magical tool, isn't it? What does the Alchemy Society do? I'll be sure to tell them my opinion when I see them. Come to think of it, Montro's also an alchemist. I'll go tell him.		I really don't like that machine that spins in the middle of the city. I feel there should be no magical devices in Kuhn. Well, that's a magical tool, isn't it? What does the Alchemy Society do? I'll be sure to tell them my opinion when I see them. Come to think of it, Montro's also an alchemist. I'll go tell him.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
124	<Engineer> Marudos		<Engineer> Marudos	100	I'm Marudos and I'm an engineer. I'm probably the one and only engineer--not only in Kuhn, but maybe even the whole region! My people are just too smart and I'm especially smart! What did I make? Ha! There's no use explaining it to ignorant travelers like you. I don't want to waste time on this. I'm going off to do my research!				100	I'm Marudos and I'm an engineer. I'm probably the one and only engineer--not only in Kuhn, but maybe even the whole region! My people are just too smart and I'm especially smart! What did I make? Ha! There's no use explaining it to ignorant travelers like you. I don't want to waste time on this. I'm going off to do my research!	100	I'm Marudos and I'm an engineer. I'm probably the one and only engineer--not only in Kuhn, but maybe even the whole region! My people are just too smart and I'm especially smart! What did I make? Ha! There's no use explaining it to ignorant travelers like you. I don't want to waste time on this. I'm going off to do my research!	100	I'm Marudos and I'm an engineer. I'm probably the one and only engineer--not only in Kuhn, but maybe even the whole region! My people are just too smart and I'm especially smart! What did I make? Ha! There's no use explaining it to ignorant travelers like you. I don't want to waste time on this. I'm going off to do my research!
					I know there are rumors about my being foolish. But they've only seen one side of the coin. I think I'm a genius who always gets caught up in an unfortunate accident in the final stages of my work, like a nail or the head of a hammer might disappear. They're never helpful! Even the Elementals must be jealous of prodigies like me.					I know there are rumors about my being foolish. But they've only seen one side of the coin. I think I'm a genius who always gets caught up in an unfortunate accident in the final stages of my work, like a nail or the head of a hammer might disappear. They're never helpful! Even the Elementals must be jealous of prodigies like me.		I know there are rumors about my being foolish. But they've only seen one side of the coin. I think I'm a genius who always gets caught up in an unfortunate accident in the final stages of my work, like a nail or the head of a hammer might disappear. They're never helpful! Even the Elementals must be jealous of prodigies like me.		I know there are rumors about my being foolish. But they've only seen one side of the coin. I think I'm a genius who always gets caught up in an unfortunate accident in the final stages of my work, like a nail or the head of a hammer might disappear. They're never helpful! Even the Elementals must be jealous of prodigies like me.
					Hey! Don't stand there! Agh! Move! You're about to step on and break this part I barely managed to get! Travelers these days just don't seem to have any manners. And to leave the city in the hands of such people! The fate of Kuhn is over. Get out of here!					Hey! Don't stand there! Agh! Move! You're about to step on and break this part I barely managed to get! Travelers these days just don't seem to have any manners. And to leave the city in the hands of such people! The fate of Kuhn is over. Get out of here!		Hey! Don't stand there! Agh! Move! You're about to step on and break this part I barely managed to get! Travelers these days just don't seem to have any manners. And to leave the city in the hands of such people! The fate of Kuhn is over. Get out of here!		Hey! Don't stand there! Agh! Move! You're about to step on and break this part I barely managed to get! Travelers these days just don't seem to have any manners. And to leave the city in the hands of such people! The fate of Kuhn is over. Get out of here!
					Mercenaries and travelers are all muscles and no brains. You seem to be one of them as well. It's the same for everyone. Someday, you'll realize my true worth but it'll be too late to try and befriend me then. You seem like a pretty useful traveler, so I'll give you a minor position when I seize power.					Mercenaries and travelers are all muscles and no brains. You seem to be one of them as well. It's the same for everyone. Someday, you'll realize my true worth but it'll be too late to try and befriend me then. You seem like a pretty useful traveler, so I'll give you a minor position when I seize power.		Mercenaries and travelers are all muscles and no brains. You seem to be one of them as well. It's the same for everyone. Someday, you'll realize my true worth but it'll be too late to try and befriend me then. You seem like a pretty useful traveler, so I'll give you a minor position when I seize power.		Mercenaries and travelers are all muscles and no brains. You seem to be one of them as well. It's the same for everyone. Someday, you'll realize my true worth but it'll be too late to try and befriend me then. You seem like a pretty useful traveler, so I'll give you a minor position when I seize power.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
125	<Beggar> Abrach		<Beggar> Abrach	100	I'm Abrach and I'm an essential part of Kuhn. Don't just stand there like that! You should give me 1000 gold! Ignore a beggar and you'll be ignored if you ever become a beggar yourself. It's not a curse, but the truth. So if you can, give me everything you have.				100	I'm Abrach and I'm an essential part of Kuhn. Don't just stand there like that! You should give me 1000 gold! Ignore a beggar and you'll be ignored if you ever become a beggar yourself. It's not a curse, but the truth. So if you can, give me everything you have.	100	I'm Abrach and I'm an essential part of Kuhn. Don't just stand there like that! You should give me 1000 gold! Ignore a beggar and you'll be ignored if you ever become a beggar yourself. It's not a curse, but the truth. So if you can, give me everything you have.	100	I'm Abrach and I'm an essential part of Kuhn. Don't just stand there like that! You should give me 1000 gold! Ignore a beggar and you'll be ignored if you ever become a beggar yourself. It's not a curse, but the truth. So if you can, give me everything you have.
					What I like best are tasty dishes, money and beautiful women. Nothing else besides these interests me, especially travelers like you. It really is loathsome to see you people wander about in crowds without giving me a penny. Is there a specific reason? Do you even make money? If you do, you should certainly give me some. How conceited.					What I like best are tasty dishes, money and beautiful women. Nothing else besides these interests me, especially travelers like you. It really is loathsome to see you people wander about in crowds without giving me a penny. Is there a specific reason? Do you even make money? If you do, you should certainly give me some. How conceited.		What I like best are tasty dishes, money and beautiful women. Nothing else besides these interests me, especially travelers like you. It really is loathsome to see you people wander about in crowds without giving me a penny. Is there a specific reason? Do you even make money? If you do, you should certainly give me some. How conceited.		What I like best are tasty dishes, money and beautiful women. Nothing else besides these interests me, especially travelers like you. It really is loathsome to see you people wander about in crowds without giving me a penny. Is there a specific reason? Do you even make money? If you do, you should certainly give me some. How conceited.
					Beggars have their own worlds. Just like you travelers form guilds, we create alliances. Beggar Alliances. They're not visible, but they're prevalent throughout all corners of this city and shouldn't be underestimated.					Beggars have their own worlds. Just like you travelers form guilds, we create alliances. Beggar Alliances. They're not visible, but they're prevalent throughout all corners of this city and shouldn't be underestimated.		Beggars have their own worlds. Just like you travelers form guilds, we create alliances. Beggar Alliances. They're not visible, but they're prevalent throughout all corners of this city and shouldn't be underestimated.		Beggars have their own worlds. Just like you travelers form guilds, we create alliances. Beggar Alliances. They're not visible, but they're prevalent throughout all corners of this city and shouldn't be underestimated.
					I'm not interested in the Archlord or whatever it is. I'd rather roam from pub to pub looking for tasty food than work to become an Archlord!					I'm not interested in the Archlord or whatever it is. I'd rather roam from pub to pub looking for tasty food than work to become an Archlord!		I'm not interested in the Archlord or whatever it is. I'd rather roam from pub to pub looking for tasty food than work to become an Archlord!		I'm not interested in the Archlord or whatever it is. I'd rather roam from pub to pub looking for tasty food than work to become an Archlord!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
126	<Postman> Hirirenus		<Postman> Hirirenus	100	I'm Hirirenus, the one and only postman in Kuhn. People like me are perfect at doing this because we're very fast. I didn't have a job before and just liked to have fun. Then I happened to get this job and it's actually quite annoying. There's a lot of work and...... This is a secret, but some of the mail has been sitting at my house for years!				100	I'm Hirirenus, the one and only postman in Kuhn. People like me are perfect at doing this because we're very fast. I didn't have a job before and just liked to have fun. Then I happened to get this job and it's actually quite annoying. There's a lot of work and...... This is a secret, but some of the mail has been sitting at my house for years!	100	I'm Hirirenus, the one and only postman in Kuhn. People like me are perfect at doing this because we're very fast. I didn't have a job before and just liked to have fun. Then I happened to get this job and it's actually quite annoying. There's a lot of work and...... This is a secret, but some of the mail has been sitting at my house for years!	100	I'm Hirirenus, the one and only postman in Kuhn. People like me are perfect at doing this because we're very fast. I didn't have a job before and just liked to have fun. Then I happened to get this job and it's actually quite annoying. There's a lot of work and...... This is a secret, but some of the mail has been sitting at my house for years!
					There are several people you need to make a good impression on in order to make your life here in Kuhn smoother.  However, the list of people changes according to time, so you need to be wise when approaching them. Recently, it seems Mirku has seized power. I wonder if he'll find me cute if I approach him. Why don't you try as well? No, I'm not flattering you. It's simply a method of survival.					There are several people you need to make a good impression on in order to make your life here in Kuhn smoother.  However, the list of people changes according to time, so you need to be wise when approaching them. Recently, it seems Mirku has seized power. I wonder if he'll find me cute if I approach him. Why don't you try as well? No, I'm not flattering you. It's simply a method of survival.		There are several people you need to make a good impression on in order to make your life here in Kuhn smoother.  However, the list of people changes according to time, so you need to be wise when approaching them. Recently, it seems Mirku has seized power. I wonder if he'll find me cute if I approach him. Why don't you try as well? No, I'm not flattering you. It's simply a method of survival.		There are several people you need to make a good impression on in order to make your life here in Kuhn smoother.  However, the list of people changes according to time, so you need to be wise when approaching them. Recently, it seems Mirku has seized power. I wonder if he'll find me cute if I approach him. Why don't you try as well? No, I'm not flattering you. It's simply a method of survival.
					We like to run like the wind, neither Humans nor Orcs can catch up with us. But we are concerned about the Centaurs. They have many more legs than us and are accustomed to running. Are we competitors? Hey, what do you take us for?! They'll never catch up to us!					We like to run like the wind, neither Humans nor Orcs can catch up with us. But we are concerned about the Centaurs. They have many more legs than us and are accustomed to running. Are we competitors? Hey, what do you take us for?! They'll never catch up to us!		We like to run like the wind, neither Humans nor Orcs can catch up with us. But we are concerned about the Centaurs. They have many more legs than us and are accustomed to running. Are we competitors? Hey, what do you take us for?! They'll never catch up to us!		We like to run like the wind, neither Humans nor Orcs can catch up with us. But we are concerned about the Centaurs. They have many more legs than us and are accustomed to running. Are we competitors? Hey, what do you take us for?! They'll never catch up to us!
					Sometimes, doves deliver mail faster than we do. But they're unintelligent, and sometimes just disappear or get caught by hawks. Of course, the mail never gets delivered. On the other hand, we're strong, can handle heavy mail and have legs that will help us flee even when confronted with the most powerful enemy!					Sometimes, doves deliver mail faster than we do. But they're unintelligent, and sometimes just disappear or get caught by hawks. Of course, the mail never gets delivered. On the other hand, we're strong, can handle heavy mail and have legs that will help us flee even when confronted with the most powerful enemy!		Sometimes, doves deliver mail faster than we do. But they're unintelligent, and sometimes just disappear or get caught by hawks. Of course, the mail never gets delivered. On the other hand, we're strong, can handle heavy mail and have legs that will help us flee even when confronted with the most powerful enemy!		Sometimes, doves deliver mail faster than we do. But they're unintelligent, and sometimes just disappear or get caught by hawks. Of course, the mail never gets delivered. On the other hand, we're strong, can handle heavy mail and have legs that will help us flee even when confronted with the most powerful enemy!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
127	<Pharmacist> Baburon		<Pharmacist> Baburon	100	Hey, You. Are you here to buy medicine? Well, I have none for you! I only sell medicine to sick people, not travelers who always have a wound or two. Honestly, you people are really annoying. You engage in useless fights and give yourself illnesses. Try to live peacefully and stop coming here!				100	Hey, You. Are you here to buy medicine? Well, I have none for you! I only sell medicine to sick people, not travelers who always have a wound or two. Honestly, you people are really annoying. You engage in useless fights and give yourself illnesses. Try to live peacefully and stop coming here!	100	Hey, You. Are you here to buy medicine? Well, I have none for you! I only sell medicine to sick people, not travelers who always have a wound or two. Honestly, you people are really annoying. You engage in useless fights and give yourself illnesses. Try to live peacefully and stop coming here!	100	Hey, You. Are you here to buy medicine? Well, I have none for you! I only sell medicine to sick people, not travelers who always have a wound or two. Honestly, you people are really annoying. You engage in useless fights and give yourself illnesses. Try to live peacefully and stop coming here!
					When I was an adventurer, I wasn't as weak as you. I took care of any wounds or sicknesses by myself. Liquid potions? I never drank them. But what about you people? And you still call yourselves adventurers? Travelers? What a joke.					When I was an adventurer, I wasn't as weak as you. I took care of any wounds or sicknesses by myself. Liquid potions? I never drank them. But what about you people? And you still call yourselves adventurers? Travelers? What a joke.		When I was an adventurer, I wasn't as weak as you. I took care of any wounds or sicknesses by myself. Liquid potions? I never drank them. But what about you people? And you still call yourselves adventurers? Travelers? What a joke.		When I was an adventurer, I wasn't as weak as you. I took care of any wounds or sicknesses by myself. Liquid potions? I never drank them. But what about you people? And you still call yourselves adventurers? Travelers? What a joke.
					Petty warriors. This city is full of warriors, so the thought that strength is everything prevails. Fine. Are you challenging me?					Petty warriors. This city is full of warriors, so the thought that strength is everything prevails. Fine. Are you challenging me?		Petty warriors. This city is full of warriors, so the thought that strength is everything prevails. Fine. Are you challenging me?		Petty warriors. This city is full of warriors, so the thought that strength is everything prevails. Fine. Are you challenging me?
					Putting your trust solely in medicine will ruin you. But not trusting medicine may leave you dying on the street. Knowledge is more important than anything. A fool doesn't know what to do even when he has the answer in his hand. Fools.					Putting your trust solely in medicine will ruin you. But not trusting medicine may leave you dying on the street. Knowledge is more important than anything. A fool doesn't know what to do even when he has the answer in his hand. Fools.		Putting your trust solely in medicine will ruin you. But not trusting medicine may leave you dying on the street. Knowledge is more important than anything. A fool doesn't know what to do even when he has the answer in his hand. Fools.		Putting your trust solely in medicine will ruin you. But not trusting medicine may leave you dying on the street. Knowledge is more important than anything. A fool doesn't know what to do even when he has the answer in his hand. Fools.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
128	<Painter> Sirlien		<Painter> Sirlien	100	Oh, my, my. I don't know when you arrived in this city, but it's sad to hear that you've come to see me only now. I'm a painter and also a great magician. So all my paintings carry a magical energy. But I don't give my works to anyone, so you might want to become close with me. Don't you think so?				100	Oh, my, my. I don't know when you arrived in this city, but it's sad to hear that you've come to see me only now. I'm a painter and also a great magician. So all my paintings carry a magical energy. But I don't give my works to anyone, so you might want to become close with me. Don't you think so?	100	Oh, my, my. I don't know when you arrived in this city, but it's sad to hear that you've come to see me only now. I'm a painter and also a great magician. So all my paintings carry a magical energy. But I don't give my works to anyone, so you might want to become close with me. Don't you think so?	100	Oh, my, my. I don't know when you arrived in this city, but it's sad to hear that you've come to see me only now. I'm a painter and also a great magician. So all my paintings carry a magical energy. But I don't give my works to anyone, so you might want to become close with me. Don't you think so?
					Frankly, there are many difficulties being an artist in a city drenched with sweat and muscles, but there are also many interesting things. Sometimes, famous generals ask me to paint them their portraits. Work like this makes only a bit of money, but it's fun.					Frankly, there are many difficulties being an artist in a city drenched with sweat and muscles, but there are also many interesting things. Sometimes, famous generals ask me to paint them their portraits. Work like this makes only a bit of money, but it's fun.		Frankly, there are many difficulties being an artist in a city drenched with sweat and muscles, but there are also many interesting things. Sometimes, famous generals ask me to paint them their portraits. Work like this makes only a bit of money, but it's fun.		Frankly, there are many difficulties being an artist in a city drenched with sweat and muscles, but there are also many interesting things. Sometimes, famous generals ask me to paint them their portraits. Work like this makes only a bit of money, but it's fun.
					Paintings of marches or heroes are the best on battlefields. Portraits of heroes....using my imagination, I've painted the battle between Ugdrasil and Zian more than a hundred times. But I'm still not satisfied. Others marvel at my work, but I'd really like to draw a portrait of a hero someday.					Paintings of marches or heroes are the best on battlefields. Portraits of heroes....using my imagination, I've painted the battle between Ugdrasil and Zian more than a hundred times. But I'm still not satisfied. Others marvel at my work, but I'd really like to draw a portrait of a hero someday.		Paintings of marches or heroes are the best on battlefields. Portraits of heroes....using my imagination, I've painted the battle between Ugdrasil and Zian more than a hundred times. But I'm still not satisfied. Others marvel at my work, but I'd really like to draw a portrait of a hero someday.		Paintings of marches or heroes are the best on battlefields. Portraits of heroes....using my imagination, I've painted the battle between Ugdrasil and Zian more than a hundred times. But I'm still not satisfied. Others marvel at my work, but I'd really like to draw a portrait of a hero someday.
					Life is beautiful because of the arts. Don't travelers like you have time to enjoy the arts? I heard some are bards that carry around instruments. Try traveling with them. It's important to fill your life with sensitivity.					Life is beautiful because of the arts. Don't travelers like you have time to enjoy the arts? I heard some are bards that carry around instruments. Try traveling with them. It's important to fill your life with sensitivity.		Life is beautiful because of the arts. Don't travelers like you have time to enjoy the arts? I heard some are bards that carry around instruments. Try traveling with them. It's important to fill your life with sensitivity.		Life is beautiful because of the arts. Don't travelers like you have time to enjoy the arts? I heard some are bards that carry around instruments. Try traveling with them. It's important to fill your life with sensitivity.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
129	<Civil Militia Captain> Asku		<Civil Militia Captain> Asku	100	I'm Asku, captain of Kuhn's civil militia. A militia is in charge of controlling crime within the castle. With so many mercenaries and travelers coming into the castle, there's not a day that goes by in peace. So we formed a civil militia to protect the castle from such people.				100	I'm Asku, captain of Kuhn's civil militia. A militia is in charge of controlling crime within the castle. With so many mercenaries and travelers coming into the castle, there's not a day that goes by in peace. So we formed a civil militia to protect the castle from such people.	100	I'm Asku, captain of Kuhn's civil militia. A militia is in charge of controlling crime within the castle. With so many mercenaries and travelers coming into the castle, there's not a day that goes by in peace. So we formed a civil militia to protect the castle from such people.	100	I'm Asku, captain of Kuhn's civil militia. A militia is in charge of controlling crime within the castle. With so many mercenaries and travelers coming into the castle, there's not a day that goes by in peace. So we formed a civil militia to protect the castle from such people.
					Originally, there was only one civil militia in this city. Ours was enough. But recently, a new one has been formed and it's become a problem. All they seem interested in is money. I mean, I've never pursued profit while leading the civil militia.					Originally, there was only one civil militia in this city. Ours was enough. But recently, a new one has been formed and it's become a problem. All they seem interested in is money. I mean, I've never pursued profit while leading the civil militia.		Originally, there was only one civil militia in this city. Ours was enough. But recently, a new one has been formed and it's become a problem. All they seem interested in is money. I mean, I've never pursued profit while leading the civil militia.		Originally, there was only one civil militia in this city. Ours was enough. But recently, a new one has been formed and it's become a problem. All they seem interested in is money. I mean, I've never pursued profit while leading the civil militia.
					The civil militia and the mercenaries are not on the best of terms because we stop any wrongdoings committed by them. Who would control the mercenaries if it weren't for us? Probably not even their leader. We see that it's our responsibility to protect Kuhn even if it means being slandered a bit.					The civil militia and the mercenaries are not on the best of terms because we stop any wrongdoings committed by them. Who would control the mercenaries if it weren't for us? Probably not even their leader. We see that it's our responsibility to protect Kuhn even if it means being slandered a bit.		The civil militia and the mercenaries are not on the best of terms because we stop any wrongdoings committed by them. Who would control the mercenaries if it weren't for us? Probably not even their leader. We see that it's our responsibility to protect Kuhn even if it means being slandered a bit.		The civil militia and the mercenaries are not on the best of terms because we stop any wrongdoings committed by them. Who would control the mercenaries if it weren't for us? Probably not even their leader. We see that it's our responsibility to protect Kuhn even if it means being slandered a bit.
					Mirku? Hm...... She's my little sister. But things are getting quite ugly these days. I'd rather give up my position and stop the family feud, but I'm confronting her because I believe her way is wrong. Many have fallen for her sweet talk and trust in her civil militia.					Mirku? Hm...... She's my little sister. But things are getting quite ugly these days. I'd rather give up my position and stop the family feud, but I'm confronting her because I believe her way is wrong. Many have fallen for her sweet talk and trust in her civil militia.		Mirku? Hm...... She's my little sister. But things are getting quite ugly these days. I'd rather give up my position and stop the family feud, but I'm confronting her because I believe her way is wrong. Many have fallen for her sweet talk and trust in her civil militia.		Mirku? Hm...... She's my little sister. But things are getting quite ugly these days. I'd rather give up my position and stop the family feud, but I'm confronting her because I believe her way is wrong. Many have fallen for her sweet talk and trust in her civil militia.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
130	<Civil Militia Captain> Mirku		<Civil Militia Captain> Mirku	100	I'm Mirku, captain of the Tatam Civil Militia. We eliminate those not needed here and make Kuhn run more smoothly. We can proudly do our jobs because there are many who need our help. The Tatam Civil Militia is the best.				100	I'm Mirku, captain of the Tatam Civil Militia. We eliminate those not needed here and make Kuhn run more smoothly. We can proudly do our jobs because there are many who need our help. The Tatam Civil Militia is the best.	100	I'm Mirku, captain of the Tatam Civil Militia. We eliminate those not needed here and make Kuhn run more smoothly. We can proudly do our jobs because there are many who need our help. The Tatam Civil Militia is the best.	100	I'm Mirku, captain of the Tatam Civil Militia. We eliminate those not needed here and make Kuhn run more smoothly. We can proudly do our jobs because there are many who need our help. The Tatam Civil Militia is the best.
					Hmm, Asku is my big sister. She became a Civil Militia Captain before I did. I can lead better than she does, but the opportunity never came for me. She's better at martial arts, but I have my intelligence. Intelligence, not strength, is what's needed these days.					Hmm, Asku is my big sister. She became a Civil Militia Captain before I did. I can lead better than she does, but the opportunity never came for me. She's better at martial arts, but I have my intelligence. Intelligence, not strength, is what's needed these days.		Hmm, Asku is my big sister. She became a Civil Militia Captain before I did. I can lead better than she does, but the opportunity never came for me. She's better at martial arts, but I have my intelligence. Intelligence, not strength, is what's needed these days.		Hmm, Asku is my big sister. She became a Civil Militia Captain before I did. I can lead better than she does, but the opportunity never came for me. She's better at martial arts, but I have my intelligence. Intelligence, not strength, is what's needed these days.
					Her civil militia seems to be under trouble. Her troops are fighting all the time and not handling the problems. She should cooperate with them at times. Right? If there's anything your troops want, you give in a bit. That's the way to bring them into submission. The days of using force is long gone.					Her civil militia seems to be under trouble. Her troops are fighting all the time and not handling the problems. She should cooperate with them at times. Right? If there's anything your troops want, you give in a bit. That's the way to bring them into submission. The days of using force is long gone.		Her civil militia seems to be under trouble. Her troops are fighting all the time and not handling the problems. She should cooperate with them at times. Right? If there's anything your troops want, you give in a bit. That's the way to bring them into submission. The days of using force is long gone.		Her civil militia seems to be under trouble. Her troops are fighting all the time and not handling the problems. She should cooperate with them at times. Right? If there's anything your troops want, you give in a bit. That's the way to bring them into submission. The days of using force is long gone.
					You're a traveler, so you'll need to be careful of many things in this city. Get on our nerves for any reason and you might end up in prison. Don't think little of us. We may be small in size, but we know everything.					You're a traveler, so you'll need to be careful of many things in this city. Get on our nerves for any reason and you might end up in prison. Don't think little of us. We may be small in size, but we know everything.		You're a traveler, so you'll need to be careful of many things in this city. Get on our nerves for any reason and you might end up in prison. Don't think little of us. We may be small in size, but we know everything.		You're a traveler, so you'll need to be careful of many things in this city. Get on our nerves for any reason and you might end up in prison. Don't think little of us. We may be small in size, but we know everything.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
131	<Mysterious Warrior> Bakum		<Mysterious Warrior> Bakum	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	Do you know about the Archlord? He's the almighty power that exists only in Chantra. He was bestowed with enormous power that the Elementals created in the underworld. Only one person can be given command in Chantra under the Archlord's name. Thousands of years have passed and it's time for that force to reemerge!	3	10	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!
					You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.	There are 5 Archons in this world. You can be the Archlord only when you find all of these Archons, so naturally there is a lot of competition.	3	10		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.
					The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.	The reemergence of the Archons may be a coincidence, but it is inevitable. In the beginning, Humans and Orcs met in a desert. Nathan and Walcurae acquired the Archon of Fire and the Archon of Earth. These became the keys that called the Archlord back into this world.	3	10		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.
					Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.	During the 100 Year war, Ugdrasil failed to acquire the Archon. What a pity for the orcs! If he had acquired that almighty power maybe he could've become the Archlord. You travelers should follow his will under the banner of the orcs!	3	10		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.
						Usus' Tullan's conquest left much to be desired. The old orc leaders blamed him for his exaggerated actions, but without that kind of aggression in combat no one can expect to become The Archlord.  Where is Usus now? Nobody knows...though many rumors exist...	3	10						
						The Archons need a master. Even if someone finds the five Archons by luck, none of them will display their power unless the finder is worthy. The Archons will just remain useless rocks or gems.	3	10						
						The Elementals rejected the birth of the Archons and expelled the Archlord from Chantra. But now, the Elementals acknowledge the Archons and await the birth of the Archlord. They know that there will come a time when the birth of the Archlord is essential. But that time should never come......	3	10						
						The world is made of light and darkness. There's day and night. There's good and evil. There are the forces of the four main Elementals and there are Elementals who wish to destroy the world. But there are no records of this, not even in the records of the Elementals. Limited knowledge is not good.	3	10						
						Elemental Stones may be refined by being put through the Elemental Stone Refinery. When refined, the stone's degree of purity will increase and it will become stronger. But is that all? I hear there are more powerful effects. Travelers should find this out for themselves.	3	10						
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
132	<Mayor> Prosto		<Mayor> Prosto	100	I'm Prosto, Mayor of Trilgard, the great city of the Orcs. When I became Mayor, many said I was unsuitable. But in a short period of time, I gained their support. A real competent Orc knows how to win the position he deserves.				100	I'm Prosto, Mayor of Trilgard, the great city of the Orcs. When I became Mayor, many said I was unsuitable. But in a short period of time, I gained their support. A real competent Orc knows how to win the position he deserves.	100	I'm Prosto, Mayor of Trilgard, the great city of the Orcs. When I became Mayor, many said I was unsuitable. But in a short period of time, I gained their support. A real competent Orc knows how to win the position he deserves.	100	I'm Prosto, Mayor of Trilgard, the great city of the Orcs. When I became Mayor, many said I was unsuitable. But in a short period of time, I gained their support. A real competent Orc knows how to win the position he deserves.
					Being the Mayor of Trilgard is a lot of pressure. There's the Great King above me and all the Orcs under. Then there's the Orc tradition. Since Usus's riot, there have been talks about how to control the Orcs. It's a big burden for me to take. But I'm prepared to sacrifice myself, if needed, and move on for the Great King.					Being the Mayor of Trilgard is a lot of pressure. There's the Great King above me and all the Orcs under. Then there's the Orc tradition. Since Usus's riot, there have been talks about how to control the Orcs. It's a big burden for me to take. But I'm prepared to sacrifice myself, if needed, and move on for the Great King.		Being the Mayor of Trilgard is a lot of pressure. There's the Great King above me and all the Orcs under. Then there's the Orc tradition. Since Usus's riot, there have been talks about how to control the Orcs. It's a big burden for me to take. But I'm prepared to sacrifice myself, if needed, and move on for the Great King.		Being the Mayor of Trilgard is a lot of pressure. There's the Great King above me and all the Orcs under. Then there's the Orc tradition. Since Usus's riot, there have been talks about how to control the Orcs. It's a big burden for me to take. But I'm prepared to sacrifice myself, if needed, and move on for the Great King.
					A mayor must never waver under pressure, show fatigue or look worried because he represents the city in place of the Great King. Such an image acts as a source of energy for the strong.					A mayor must never waver under pressure, show fatigue or look worried because he represents the city in place of the Great King. Such an image acts as a source of energy for the strong.		A mayor must never waver under pressure, show fatigue or look worried because he represents the city in place of the Great King. Such an image acts as a source of energy for the strong.		A mayor must never waver under pressure, show fatigue or look worried because he represents the city in place of the Great King. Such an image acts as a source of energy for the strong.
					Since Usus' riot, my responsibility as Mayor has become greater. There are so many orders and handling each and every one of them isn't easy. However, I have been ordered to do this by the Great King, and will do my job under any circumstances.					Since Usus' riot, my responsibility as Mayor has become greater. There are so many orders and handling each and every one of them isn't easy. However, I have been ordered to do this by the Great King, and will do my job under any circumstances.		Since Usus' riot, my responsibility as Mayor has become greater. There are so many orders and handling each and every one of them isn't easy. However, I have been ordered to do this by the Great King, and will do my job under any circumstances.		Since Usus' riot, my responsibility as Mayor has become greater. There are so many orders and handling each and every one of them isn't easy. However, I have been ordered to do this by the Great King, and will do my job under any circumstances.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
133	<General> Quig		<General> Quig	100	Hey, you. What are you doing? What? A traveler? I'm General Quig. I control all attacks and defense including defense of the castle. My command is absolute and my men are mobilized quick when required. It's vital in order to keep Orcs race strong.				100	Hey, you. What are you doing? What? A traveler? I'm General Quig. I control all attacks and defense including defense of the castle. My command is absolute and my men are mobilized quick when required. It's vital in order to keep Orcs race strong.	100	Hey, you. What are you doing? What? A traveler? I'm General Quig. I control all attacks and defense including defense of the castle. My command is absolute and my men are mobilized quick when required. It's vital in order to keep Orcs race strong.	100	Hey, you. What are you doing? What? A traveler? I'm General Quig. I control all attacks and defense including defense of the castle. My command is absolute and my men are mobilized quick when required. It's vital in order to keep Orcs race strong.
					If you want my personal opinion...... I'm not too happy about the peace agreement with the humans. Why? We Orcs are a race of war. Battle runs in our blood. Plus, Humans have always been a long standing enemy in our history. A peaceful relationship has been maintained since Ugdrasil's death. However, to us...... Humans remain as our enemy.					If you want my personal opinion...... I'm not too happy about the peace agreement with the humans. Why? We Orcs are a race of war. Battle runs in our blood. Plus, Humans have always been a long standing enemy in our history. A peaceful relationship has been maintained since Ugdrasil's death. However, to us...... Humans remain as our enemy.		If you want my personal opinion...... I'm not too happy about the peace agreement with the humans. Why? We Orcs are a race of war. Battle runs in our blood. Plus, Humans have always been a long standing enemy in our history. A peaceful relationship has been maintained since Ugdrasil's death. However, to us...... Humans remain as our enemy.		If you want my personal opinion...... I'm not too happy about the peace agreement with the humans. Why? We Orcs are a race of war. Battle runs in our blood. Plus, Humans have always been a long standing enemy in our history. A peaceful relationship has been maintained since Ugdrasil's death. However, to us...... Humans remain as our enemy.
					Stop wasting time and get a move on! If you have business with me, let's get right to the point. Come on already!					Stop wasting time and get a move on! If you have business with me, let's get right to the point. Come on already!		Stop wasting time and get a move on! If you have business with me, let's get right to the point. Come on already!		Stop wasting time and get a move on! If you have business with me, let's get right to the point. Come on already!
					I can see the eyes of travelers sparkling more since Usus' riot. Adventure and battle definitely makes everyone's blood boil, and Usus' actions stirred up everyone. I guess you could give him credit in that sense, but I still think it's unacceptable that he went against the Great King.					I can see the eyes of travelers sparkling more since Usus' riot. Adventure and battle definitely makes everyone's blood boil, and Usus' actions stirred up everyone. I guess you could give him credit in that sense, but I still think it's unacceptable that he went against the Great King.		I can see the eyes of travelers sparkling more since Usus' riot. Adventure and battle definitely makes everyone's blood boil, and Usus' actions stirred up everyone. I guess you could give him credit in that sense, but I still think it's unacceptable that he went against the Great King.		I can see the eyes of travelers sparkling more since Usus' riot. Adventure and battle definitely makes everyone's blood boil, and Usus' actions stirred up everyone. I guess you could give him credit in that sense, but I still think it's unacceptable that he went against the Great King.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
134	<Guard> Poah		<Guard> Poah	100	Who are you and why are you talking to me? My name is Poah and I'm a great guard of Trilgard. If your ever in crisis, just call me! I'll come anytime...... or that's what I'd like to do. General Quig will beat me if I leave my position.				100	Who are you and why are you talking to me? My name is Poah and I'm a great guard of Trilgard. If your ever in crisis, just call me! I'll come anytime...... or that's what I'd like to do. General Quig will beat me if I leave my position.	100	Who are you and why are you talking to me? My name is Poah and I'm a great guard of Trilgard. If your ever in crisis, just call me! I'll come anytime...... or that's what I'd like to do. General Quig will beat me if I leave my position.	100	Who are you and why are you talking to me? My name is Poah and I'm a great guard of Trilgard. If your ever in crisis, just call me! I'll come anytime...... or that's what I'd like to do. General Quig will beat me if I leave my position.
					Being a guard isn't for everyone. Strength alone isn't enough! You need to be smart too, otherwise you won't be able to stop all monsters from invading. When the monsters attacked a year ago, we did a pretty good job. Hm...					Being a guard isn't for everyone. Strength alone isn't enough! You need to be smart too, otherwise you won't be able to stop all monsters from invading. When the monsters attacked a year ago, we did a pretty good job. Hm...		Being a guard isn't for everyone. Strength alone isn't enough! You need to be smart too, otherwise you won't be able to stop all monsters from invading. When the monsters attacked a year ago, we did a pretty good job. Hm...		Being a guard isn't for everyone. Strength alone isn't enough! You need to be smart too, otherwise you won't be able to stop all monsters from invading. When the monsters attacked a year ago, we did a pretty good job. Hm...
					Only someone who can prove that he's worthy of representing Trilgard can become a guard. We have no idea where travelers like you are from. I'm sorry, but there's no space for people like you.					Only someone who can prove that he's worthy of representing Trilgard can become a guard. We have no idea where travelers like you are from. I'm sorry, but there's no space for people like you.		Only someone who can prove that he's worthy of representing Trilgard can become a guard. We have no idea where travelers like you are from. I'm sorry, but there's no space for people like you.		Only someone who can prove that he's worthy of representing Trilgard can become a guard. We have no idea where travelers like you are from. I'm sorry, but there's no space for people like you.
					I played a significant role in the battle half a year ago. I really gave more than I had, but I couldn't get the monsters. They were so strong that weapons weren't enough. But I think our bloodshed has definitely paid off.					I played a significant role in the battle half a year ago. I really gave more than I had, but I couldn't get the monsters. They were so strong that weapons weren't enough. But I think our bloodshed has definitely paid off.		I played a significant role in the battle half a year ago. I really gave more than I had, but I couldn't get the monsters. They were so strong that weapons weren't enough. But I think our bloodshed has definitely paid off.		I played a significant role in the battle half a year ago. I really gave more than I had, but I couldn't get the monsters. They were so strong that weapons weren't enough. But I think our bloodshed has definitely paid off.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
135	<Gambler> Windeius		<Gambler> Windeius	100	I'm Windeius and I'm a gambler with a swift hand. Oh, don't get me wrong. I enjoy gambling, but I don't cheat or use trickery. What do I need a swift hand for? For a simple mental trick. Other than that, I can't tell you more because it's confidential. Excuse me.				100	I'm Windeius and I'm a gambler with a swift hand. Oh, don't get me wrong. I enjoy gambling, but I don't cheat or use trickery. What do I need a swift hand for? For a simple mental trick. Other than that, I can't tell you more because it's confidential. Excuse me.	100	I'm Windeius and I'm a gambler with a swift hand. Oh, don't get me wrong. I enjoy gambling, but I don't cheat or use trickery. What do I need a swift hand for? For a simple mental trick. Other than that, I can't tell you more because it's confidential. Excuse me.	100	I'm Windeius and I'm a gambler with a swift hand. Oh, don't get me wrong. I enjoy gambling, but I don't cheat or use trickery. What do I need a swift hand for? For a simple mental trick. Other than that, I can't tell you more because it's confidential. Excuse me.
					I think gambling is like a fertilizer that makes life more abundant. Work isn't everything. Sometimes, you need to travel or gamble. You should understand as a traveler. If someone loses their finances from gambling, it's their problem of not being able to control themselves. It's not my problem. But frankly, when something like that happens, I do understand that it doesn't feel that good. Ha.					I think gambling is like a fertilizer that makes life more abundant. Work isn't everything. Sometimes, you need to travel or gamble. You should understand as a traveler. If someone loses their finances from gambling, it's their problem of not being able to control themselves. It's not my problem. But frankly, when something like that happens, I do understand that it doesn't feel that good. Ha.		I think gambling is like a fertilizer that makes life more abundant. Work isn't everything. Sometimes, you need to travel or gamble. You should understand as a traveler. If someone loses their finances from gambling, it's their problem of not being able to control themselves. It's not my problem. But frankly, when something like that happens, I do understand that it doesn't feel that good. Ha.		I think gambling is like a fertilizer that makes life more abundant. Work isn't everything. Sometimes, you need to travel or gamble. You should understand as a traveler. If someone loses their finances from gambling, it's their problem of not being able to control themselves. It's not my problem. But frankly, when something like that happens, I do understand that it doesn't feel that good. Ha.
					It seems that you don't have much on you. Oh, it's okay. I don't gamble with everyone. I can be a pretty good guide right now. I've been to every magnificent city out there. I've even been to the cities of Humans and MoonElves. If there's anything you'd like to know, just ask.					It seems that you don't have much on you. Oh, it's okay. I don't gamble with everyone. I can be a pretty good guide right now. I've been to every magnificent city out there. I've even been to the cities of Humans and MoonElves. If there's anything you'd like to know, just ask.		It seems that you don't have much on you. Oh, it's okay. I don't gamble with everyone. I can be a pretty good guide right now. I've been to every magnificent city out there. I've even been to the cities of Humans and MoonElves. If there's anything you'd like to know, just ask.		It seems that you don't have much on you. Oh, it's okay. I don't gamble with everyone. I can be a pretty good guide right now. I've been to every magnificent city out there. I've even been to the cities of Humans and MoonElves. If there's anything you'd like to know, just ask.
					Gambling is a shady business even in this city. Someday, we'll all be able to gamble out in the open. But before then, we have to be discreet. Take heed.					Gambling is a shady business even in this city. Someday, we'll all be able to gamble out in the open. But before then, we have to be discreet. Take heed.		Gambling is a shady business even in this city. Someday, we'll all be able to gamble out in the open. But before then, we have to be discreet. Take heed.		Gambling is a shady business even in this city. Someday, we'll all be able to gamble out in the open. But before then, we have to be discreet. Take heed.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
136	<Peddler> Kip Goathead		<Peddler> Kip Goathead	100	I'm Keep and I used to be a peddler. I speak of it in the past tense because my life is too miserable now to say I'm a peddler. What? You want to hear about my misfortunes? Gosh...... You travelers sure have no manners these days! I have nothing to sell to you, so go away!				100	I'm Keep and I used to be a peddler. I speak of it in the past tense because my life is too miserable now to say I'm a peddler. What? You want to hear about my misfortunes? Gosh...... You travelers sure have no manners these days! I have nothing to sell to you, so go away!	100	I'm Keep and I used to be a peddler. I speak of it in the past tense because my life is too miserable now to say I'm a peddler. What? You want to hear about my misfortunes? Gosh...... You travelers sure have no manners these days! I have nothing to sell to you, so go away!	100	I'm Keep and I used to be a peddler. I speak of it in the past tense because my life is too miserable now to say I'm a peddler. What? You want to hear about my misfortunes? Gosh...... You travelers sure have no manners these days! I have nothing to sell to you, so go away!
					I used to be rich before I set foot in Ezerock, and I mean very rich! Thieves took my belongings and monsters attacked my carriage! I almost died! Then I lost whatever little money I had to the gambler Windeius and ended up completely broke. I'll can't leave until I make back all the money I lost!					I used to be rich before I set foot in Ezerock, and I mean very rich! Thieves took my belongings and monsters attacked my carriage! I almost died! Then I lost whatever little money I had to the gambler Windeius and ended up completely broke. I'll can't leave until I make back all the money I lost!		I used to be rich before I set foot in Ezerock, and I mean very rich! Thieves took my belongings and monsters attacked my carriage! I almost died! Then I lost whatever little money I had to the gambler Windeius and ended up completely broke. I'll can't leave until I make back all the money I lost!		I used to be rich before I set foot in Ezerock, and I mean very rich! Thieves took my belongings and monsters attacked my carriage! I almost died! Then I lost whatever little money I had to the gambler Windeius and ended up completely broke. I'll can't leave until I make back all the money I lost!
					I once used to live a life of luxury. But thinking about the past makes me more frustrated and I always complain about my situation now. Geez. I shouldn't think about it. What are you looking at? Tell me what you want.					I once used to live a life of luxury. But thinking about the past makes me more frustrated and I always complain about my situation now. Geez. I shouldn't think about it. What are you looking at? Tell me what you want.		I once used to live a life of luxury. But thinking about the past makes me more frustrated and I always complain about my situation now. Geez. I shouldn't think about it. What are you looking at? Tell me what you want.		I once used to live a life of luxury. But thinking about the past makes me more frustrated and I always complain about my situation now. Geez. I shouldn't think about it. What are you looking at? Tell me what you want.
					The misery of a peddler is that I can't get good merchandise. Credit is the most important thing in this business, but who would give me their merchandise? I understand since I'd probably be the same if I had a shop. I really hate my situation!					The misery of a peddler is that I can't get good merchandise. Credit is the most important thing in this business, but who would give me their merchandise? I understand since I'd probably be the same if I had a shop. I really hate my situation!		The misery of a peddler is that I can't get good merchandise. Credit is the most important thing in this business, but who would give me their merchandise? I understand since I'd probably be the same if I had a shop. I really hate my situation!		The misery of a peddler is that I can't get good merchandise. Credit is the most important thing in this business, but who would give me their merchandise? I understand since I'd probably be the same if I had a shop. I really hate my situation!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
137	<Nobleman> Turgarb		<Nobleman> Turgarb	100	Hey. Why are you giving me such a superficial look? What do you take me for? I'm Turgarb, the greatest nobleman in this city. I'm of no comparison to poor adventurers like you. I'll bless those who show respect to me, but take down those who challenge me. Got it?				100	Hey. Why are you giving me such a superficial look? What do you take me for? I'm Turgarb, the greatest nobleman in this city. I'm of no comparison to poor adventurers like you. I'll bless those who show respect to me, but take down those who challenge me. Got it?	100	Hey. Why are you giving me such a superficial look? What do you take me for? I'm Turgarb, the greatest nobleman in this city. I'm of no comparison to poor adventurers like you. I'll bless those who show respect to me, but take down those who challenge me. Got it?	100	Hey. Why are you giving me such a superficial look? What do you take me for? I'm Turgarb, the greatest nobleman in this city. I'm of no comparison to poor adventurers like you. I'll bless those who show respect to me, but take down those who challenge me. Got it?
					Since my ancestors joined hands with Ugdrasil and took part in battle against the Humans, my family has become distinguished and well renowned. I used to be known for my strength and fighting skills as well, but a nobleman like myself can't wander the battlefields forever. Guarding this fortress keeps me in shape though . But I guess humble adventurers like you don't understand.					Since my ancestors joined hands with Ugdrasil and took part in battle against the Humans, my family has become distinguished and well renowned. I used to be known for my strength and fighting skills as well, but a nobleman like myself can't wander the battlefields forever. Guarding this fortress keeps me in shape though . But I guess humble adventurers like you don't understand.		Since my ancestors joined hands with Ugdrasil and took part in battle against the Humans, my family has become distinguished and well renowned. I used to be known for my strength and fighting skills as well, but a nobleman like myself can't wander the battlefields forever. Guarding this fortress keeps me in shape though . But I guess humble adventurers like you don't understand.		Since my ancestors joined hands with Ugdrasil and took part in battle against the Humans, my family has become distinguished and well renowned. I used to be known for my strength and fighting skills as well, but a nobleman like myself can't wander the battlefields forever. Guarding this fortress keeps me in shape though . But I guess humble adventurers like you don't understand.
					Ignorant Humans think that there are no noblemen among Orcs, but they're wrong. Orc noblemen are actually more realistic. They're not like human noblemen who just loaf around, but instead they work hard to maintain their position. We're certainly a cut above.					Ignorant Humans think that there are no noblemen among Orcs, but they're wrong. Orc noblemen are actually more realistic. They're not like human noblemen who just loaf around, but instead they work hard to maintain their position. We're certainly a cut above.		Ignorant Humans think that there are no noblemen among Orcs, but they're wrong. Orc noblemen are actually more realistic. They're not like human noblemen who just loaf around, but instead they work hard to maintain their position. We're certainly a cut above.		Ignorant Humans think that there are no noblemen among Orcs, but they're wrong. Orc noblemen are actually more realistic. They're not like human noblemen who just loaf around, but instead they work hard to maintain their position. We're certainly a cut above.
					Have you heard about the Archlord? If such a powerful being emerges, I don't know how we will deal with him. Honestly, if a total stranger obtains the Archons and becomes powerful, what would happen to us noblemen? It's totally absurd. We must obtain the Archons ourselves.					Have you heard about the Archlord? If such a powerful being emerges, I don't know how we will deal with him. Honestly, if a total stranger obtains the Archons and becomes powerful, what would happen to us noblemen? It's totally absurd. We must obtain the Archons ourselves.		Have you heard about the Archlord? If such a powerful being emerges, I don't know how we will deal with him. Honestly, if a total stranger obtains the Archons and becomes powerful, what would happen to us noblemen? It's totally absurd. We must obtain the Archons ourselves.		Have you heard about the Archlord? If such a powerful being emerges, I don't know how we will deal with him. Honestly, if a total stranger obtains the Archons and becomes powerful, what would happen to us noblemen? It's totally absurd. We must obtain the Archons ourselves.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
138	<Physician> Mediterus		<Physician> Mediterus	100	Hic. I'm Mediterus and I'm essential to this city. The Orcs here get so banged up that dozens of them come to me everyday. Hic. It's fortunate that those with mild wounds can get better using the liquid potions sold by merchants. Hic. Would you like to take them on?				100	Hic. I'm Mediterus and I'm essential to this city. The Orcs here get so banged up that dozens of them come to me everyday. Hic. It's fortunate that those with mild wounds can get better using the liquid potions sold by merchants. Hic. Would you like to take them on?	100	Hic. I'm Mediterus and I'm essential to this city. The Orcs here get so banged up that dozens of them come to me everyday. Hic. It's fortunate that those with mild wounds can get better using the liquid potions sold by merchants. Hic. Would you like to take them on?	100	Hic. I'm Mediterus and I'm essential to this city. The Orcs here get so banged up that dozens of them come to me everyday. Hic. It's fortunate that those with mild wounds can get better using the liquid potions sold by merchants. Hic. Would you like to take them on?
					Hic. Hic. I don't drink a lot. Hic. I just have a glass or so with my dinner. Hic. That's all. Do I drink when I'm treating a patient? Let me see. I think I do about half of the time. Hic. But I've never caused any accidents so far. Hic. Heehee. Want a drink? Hic.					Hic. Hic. I don't drink a lot. Hic. I just have a glass or so with my dinner. Hic. That's all. Do I drink when I'm treating a patient? Let me see. I think I do about half of the time. Hic. But I've never caused any accidents so far. Hic. Heehee. Want a drink? Hic.		Hic. Hic. I don't drink a lot. Hic. I just have a glass or so with my dinner. Hic. That's all. Do I drink when I'm treating a patient? Let me see. I think I do about half of the time. Hic. But I've never caused any accidents so far. Hic. Heehee. Want a drink? Hic.		Hic. Hic. I don't drink a lot. Hic. I just have a glass or so with my dinner. Hic. That's all. Do I drink when I'm treating a patient? Let me see. I think I do about half of the time. Hic. But I've never caused any accidents so far. Hic. Heehee. Want a drink? Hic.
					Alcohol is a blessing! It can sterilize wounds and help patients feel less pain when consumed. It also makes cowards brave and even generals pass out, so what could be better? Don't you agree?					Alcohol is a blessing! It can sterilize wounds and help patients feel less pain when consumed. It also makes cowards brave and even generals pass out, so what could be better? Don't you agree?		Alcohol is a blessing! It can sterilize wounds and help patients feel less pain when consumed. It also makes cowards brave and even generals pass out, so what could be better? Don't you agree?		Alcohol is a blessing! It can sterilize wounds and help patients feel less pain when consumed. It also makes cowards brave and even generals pass out, so what could be better? Don't you agree?
					Hm, do I talk funny? Well, I'm not that rude, but whenever I drink I think manners and formalities are simply unnecessary.					Hm, do I talk funny? Well, I'm not that rude, but whenever I drink I think manners and formalities are simply unnecessary.		Hm, do I talk funny? Well, I'm not that rude, but whenever I drink I think manners and formalities are simply unnecessary.		Hm, do I talk funny? Well, I'm not that rude, but whenever I drink I think manners and formalities are simply unnecessary.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
139	<Craftsman> Doburot		<Craftsman> Doburot	100	I'm Doburot and I'm a craftsman. I mainly engrave patterns on armor. It doesn't matter whether it's leather or metal. I rarely take on personal requests from travelers because I'll get beat up if I don't get it right. Gosh, how scary.				100	I'm Doburot and I'm a craftsman. I mainly engrave patterns on armor. It doesn't matter whether it's leather or metal. I rarely take on personal requests from travelers because I'll get beat up if I don't get it right. Gosh, how scary.	100	I'm Doburot and I'm a craftsman. I mainly engrave patterns on armor. It doesn't matter whether it's leather or metal. I rarely take on personal requests from travelers because I'll get beat up if I don't get it right. Gosh, how scary.	100	I'm Doburot and I'm a craftsman. I mainly engrave patterns on armor. It doesn't matter whether it's leather or metal. I rarely take on personal requests from travelers because I'll get beat up if I don't get it right. Gosh, how scary.
					I...I wanted to become a warrior, but I couldn't use heavy weapons or wear armor because I'm weak. So instead, I became a craftsman engraving patterns on armor. I think about my dream while handling the armor! Maybe I'm just being foolish.					I...I wanted to become a warrior, but I couldn't use heavy weapons or wear armor because I'm weak. So instead, I became a craftsman engraving patterns on armor. I think about my dream while handling the armor! Maybe I'm just being foolish.		I...I wanted to become a warrior, but I couldn't use heavy weapons or wear armor because I'm weak. So instead, I became a craftsman engraving patterns on armor. I think about my dream while handling the armor! Maybe I'm just being foolish.		I...I wanted to become a warrior, but I couldn't use heavy weapons or wear armor because I'm weak. So instead, I became a craftsman engraving patterns on armor. I think about my dream while handling the armor! Maybe I'm just being foolish.
					There aren't many craftsmen, so when I hear that there's a good craftsman in another part of town, I become very interested. I heard there's quite a skilled craftsman among the Humans. I wish there could be some kind of contest for the best craftsmen in the whole of Chantra.					There aren't many craftsmen, so when I hear that there's a good craftsman in another part of town, I become very interested. I heard there's quite a skilled craftsman among the Humans. I wish there could be some kind of contest for the best craftsmen in the whole of Chantra.		There aren't many craftsmen, so when I hear that there's a good craftsman in another part of town, I become very interested. I heard there's quite a skilled craftsman among the Humans. I wish there could be some kind of contest for the best craftsmen in the whole of Chantra.		There aren't many craftsmen, so when I hear that there's a good craftsman in another part of town, I become very interested. I heard there's quite a skilled craftsman among the Humans. I wish there could be some kind of contest for the best craftsmen in the whole of Chantra.
					Don't undermine us Orcs. We may not have small hands like Humans or MoonElves, but are just as skilled. Look at my hands while I'm working and you'll understand what I mean.					Don't undermine us Orcs. We may not have small hands like Humans or MoonElves, but are just as skilled. Look at my hands while I'm working and you'll understand what I mean.		Don't undermine us Orcs. We may not have small hands like Humans or MoonElves, but are just as skilled. Look at my hands while I'm working and you'll understand what I mean.		Don't undermine us Orcs. We may not have small hands like Humans or MoonElves, but are just as skilled. Look at my hands while I'm working and you'll understand what I mean.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
140	<Mysterious Warrior> Latt		<Mysterious Warrior> Latt	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	Do you know about the Archlord? He's the almighty power that exists only in Chantra. He was bestowed with enormous power that the Elementals created in the underworld. Only one person can be given command in Chantra under the Archlord's name. Thousands of years have passed and it's time for that force to reemerge!	3	10	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!
					You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.	There are 5 Archons in this world. You can be the Archlord only when you find all of these Archons, so naturally there is a lot of competition.	3	10		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.
					The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.	The reemergence of the Archons may be a coincidence, but it is inevitable. In the beginning, Humans and Orcs met in a desert. Nathan and Walcurae acquired the Archon of Fire and the Archon of Earth. These became the keys that called the Archlord back into this world.	3	10		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.
					Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.	During the 100 Year war, Ugdrasil failed to acquire the Archon. What a pity for the orcs! If he had acquired that almighty power maybe he could've become the Archlord. You travelers should follow his will under the banner of the orcs!	3	10		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.
						Usus' Tullan's conquest left much to be desired. The old orc leaders blamed him for his exaggerated actions, but without that kind of aggression in combat no one can expect to become The Archlord.  Where is Usus now? Nobody knows...though many rumors exist...	3	10						
						The Archons need a master. Even if someone finds the five Archons by luck, none of them will display their power unless the finder is worthy. The Archons will just remain useless rocks or gems.	3	10						
						The Elementals rejected the birth of the Archons and expelled the Archlord from Chantra. But now, the Elementals acknowledge the Archons and await the birth of the Archlord. They know that there will come a time when the birth of the Archlord is essential. But that time should never come......	3	10						
						The world is made of light and darkness. There's day and night. There's good and evil. There are the forces of the four main Elementals and there are Elementals who wish to destroy the world. But there are no records of this, not even in the records of the Elementals. Limited knowledge is not good.	3	10						
						Elemental Stones may be refined by being put through the Elemental Stone Refinery. When refined, the stone's degree of purity will increase and it will become stronger. But is that all? I hear there are more powerful effects. Travelers should find this out for themselves.	3	10						
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-						
141	<Merchant> Sydney		<Merchant> Sydney	100	Welcome. Are you here because there's something you need for your travels? We have a variety of things, so take your time and look around. Who would come to a small village like this? There's no need to rush. Oh, won't someone take me away?				100	One like you here at our little village... That's surprising. I know you're here for goods, but I'll give you some friendly advice. See the Pardoner.	100	Oh my! We're out of that item.	100	Oh my! We're out of that item.
					There's nothing I can't do and don't know. I'm an ordinary merchant, but I've lived here long enough to know a lot about this village. Hahaha.									
					Our village is small, but acts as a bridge connecting Delfaras and Tullan. The monsters around here aren't that strong and a trained traveler will be able to come here easily. What a great village!									
					Why is it called Triangle Village? Hm...... I've never thought about it before.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
142	<Blacksmith> Bolpunch		<Blacksmith> Bolpunch	100	Hm...... The few travelers who come here now and then keep me busy. That's all.				100	If you're here to fix your things, hand them over.	100	Please leave.	100	Please leave.
					The reason we're called Triangle Village? Because there are three roads leading here. It's obvious, isn't it?									
					I'm busy. Tell me what you want.									
					I'm not interested in being head of the village. A blacksmith only uses sparks to voice himself.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
143	<Traveler> Hacon		<Traveler> Hacon	100	...... My name is....... Hacon. I used to be...... a shoemaker. But now I spend my time traveling.				100	...... My name is....... Hacon. I used to be...... a shoemaker. But now I spend my time traveling.	100	...... My name is....... Hacon. I used to be...... a shoemaker. But now I spend my time traveling.	100	...... My name is....... Hacon. I used to be...... a shoemaker. But now I spend my time traveling.
					I've been traveling for nearly a hundred years, but...... I've seen only...... 1/100th of the whole of Chantra. That's how big...... this place is.					I've been traveling for nearly a hundred years, but...... I've seen only...... 1/100th of the whole of Chantra. That's how big...... this place is.		I've been traveling for nearly a hundred years, but...... I've seen only...... 1/100th of the whole of Chantra. That's how big...... this place is.		I've been traveling for nearly a hundred years, but...... I've seen only...... 1/100th of the whole of Chantra. That's how big...... this place is.
					¡¦¡¦ ¡¦¡¦ ¡¦¡¦.					¡¦¡¦ ¡¦¡¦ ¡¦¡¦.		¡¦¡¦ ¡¦¡¦ ¡¦¡¦.		¡¦¡¦ ¡¦¡¦ ¡¦¡¦.
					Do you have shoes to repair? Ah...... I can't find...... my tools. I can't repair your shoes.					Do you have shoes to repair? Ah...... I can't find...... my tools. I can't repair your shoes.		Do you have shoes to repair? Ah...... I can't find...... my tools. I can't repair your shoes.		Do you have shoes to repair? Ah...... I can't find...... my tools. I can't repair your shoes.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
144	<Traveler> Britney		<Traveler> Britney	100	While traveling, I get a feeling that I'm not real. I feel like someone created me and I'm merely an imaginary figure like a piece on a game board. Don't you get that feeling? You may be a puppet being played around with by someone.				100	While traveling, I get a feeling that I'm not real. I feel like someone created me and I'm merely an imaginary figure like a piece on a game board. Don't you get that feeling? You may be a puppet being played around with by someone.	100	While traveling, I get a feeling that I'm not real. I feel like someone created me and I'm merely an imaginary figure like a piece on a game board. Don't you get that feeling? You may be a puppet being played around with by someone.	100	While traveling, I get a feeling that I'm not real. I feel like someone created me and I'm merely an imaginary figure like a piece on a game board. Don't you get that feeling? You may be a puppet being played around with by someone.
					The world of alchemy is quite strict. I don't know if you're aware, but it's not a very forgiving science. If alchemists find something that goes against their beliefs, they won't acknowledge it. That's why I left the group. Yes, I'm someone who's unaccepted by alchemists. But I don't care. I am who I am. The world revolves around me! Hohoho!					The world of alchemy is quite strict. I don't know if you're aware, but it's not a very forgiving science. If alchemists find something that goes against their beliefs, they won't acknowledge it. That's why I left the group. Yes, I'm someone who's unaccepted by alchemists. But I don't care. I am who I am. The world revolves around me! Hohoho!		The world of alchemy is quite strict. I don't know if you're aware, but it's not a very forgiving science. If alchemists find something that goes against their beliefs, they won't acknowledge it. That's why I left the group. Yes, I'm someone who's unaccepted by alchemists. But I don't care. I am who I am. The world revolves around me! Hohoho!		The world of alchemy is quite strict. I don't know if you're aware, but it's not a very forgiving science. If alchemists find something that goes against their beliefs, they won't acknowledge it. That's why I left the group. Yes, I'm someone who's unaccepted by alchemists. But I don't care. I am who I am. The world revolves around me! Hohoho!
					Many alchemists have set off in search of the truth. I'm one of them. I want to reveal the true identity of the Stone and Sword Society. They seem to be very suspicious. Too frightening to be considered alchemists.					Many alchemists have set off in search of the truth. I'm one of them. I want to reveal the true identity of the Stone and Sword Society. They seem to be very suspicious. Too frightening to be considered alchemists.		Many alchemists have set off in search of the truth. I'm one of them. I want to reveal the true identity of the Stone and Sword Society. They seem to be very suspicious. Too frightening to be considered alchemists.		Many alchemists have set off in search of the truth. I'm one of them. I want to reveal the true identity of the Stone and Sword Society. They seem to be very suspicious. Too frightening to be considered alchemists.
					I used to be an alchemist. But now, I'm simply a traveler. I guess you could say I'm a traveler that can practice alchemy. Haha. Hey, I like that. But there's nothing I can do for you with alchemy, so don't even think about it.					I used to be an alchemist. But now, I'm simply a traveler. I guess you could say I'm a traveler that can practice alchemy. Haha. Hey, I like that. But there's nothing I can do for you with alchemy, so don't even think about it.		I used to be an alchemist. But now, I'm simply a traveler. I guess you could say I'm a traveler that can practice alchemy. Haha. Hey, I like that. But there's nothing I can do for you with alchemy, so don't even think about it.		I used to be an alchemist. But now, I'm simply a traveler. I guess you could say I'm a traveler that can practice alchemy. Haha. Hey, I like that. But there's nothing I can do for you with alchemy, so don't even think about it.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-						
145	<Merchant> Burbur		<Merchant> Burbur	100	I'm Burbur the merchant. Somehow, I ended up in this cold place, but I really want to get out of here! Brr, it's cold. I have diabetes, so I have to go to the bathroom often. With this cold weather, it's worse because my bladder shrinks.				100	Ahchoo! There's much I could say to you, but go ahead and buy your stuff. You should go to the Pardoner. He'll help you. Ah... Ahchoo!	100	Ahchoo! Ah... Ahchoo! ¡¦.	100	Ahchoo! Ah... Ahchoo! ¡¦.
					It's unfair to think that Orcs are good at withstanding the cold. Don't you agree? Well...... I'm not complaining that I was sent here to be 'trained' to withstand the cold.									
					I miss the days in Trilgard. I didn't have any worries back then. But this place is full of monsters. Geez. I'm weak and to make it worse, I always have a cold because of the weather. Achoo!									
					This village is called Nortop because it's situated north of the Solcid Mountains. It's an important village that links Golundo and Kuhn.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
146	<Blacksmith> Mino Fireeye		<Blacksmith> Mino Fireeye	100	I'm Mino. Blacksmith Fireeye! I'm a blacksmith because I find that weapons cooled off with snow are the most attractive things in the world. But it bothers me that there are so little customers.				100	Are you here to train at Solcid Mountains? Or do you want me to fix your weapons so you can hurt others again? If it's the latter, then I don't want to help you.	100	I don't care if you freeze to death. So could you please leave me alone?	100	I don't care if you freeze to death. So could you please leave me alone?
					My competitor lives in Dark Wave Village. If you meet him, would you please tell him, 'You're not as good as Mino!'? Oh, it's solely for self-satisfaction.									
					The vicinity of the Solcide Mountains is cold, so you need to be well-prepared. Sometimes, there are those who go up the mountain without clothes in order to train themselves. But all the accidents tell us what happens to them afterward.									
					Strong and sturdy! All armor and weapons must be sturdy! Are you prepared as well?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
147	<Traveler> Lancinos		<Traveler> Lancinos	100	I'm Lancinos, the traveler. I used to be a locksmith, but I'm wandering about like this because of a Nobleman's safe. What happened? Well, he was angry I made his lock too sturdy. Noblemen sure don't know what they're talking about. Anyway, I think traveling like this isn't so bad.				100	I'm Lancinos, the traveler. I used to be a locksmith, but I'm wandering about like this because of a Nobleman's safe. What happened? Well, he was angry I made his lock too sturdy. Noblemen sure don't know what they're talking about. Anyway, I think traveling like this isn't so bad.	100	I'm Lancinos, the traveler. I used to be a locksmith, but I'm wandering about like this because of a Nobleman's safe. What happened? Well, he was angry I made his lock too sturdy. Noblemen sure don't know what they're talking about. Anyway, I think traveling like this isn't so bad.	100	I'm Lancinos, the traveler. I used to be a locksmith, but I'm wandering about like this because of a Nobleman's safe. What happened? Well, he was angry I made his lock too sturdy. Noblemen sure don't know what they're talking about. Anyway, I think traveling like this isn't so bad.
					According to old stories, there are many gates that can be opened by magic. I was always curious if that could be applied to keys and safes. That's what the objective of my journey is. To make a mysterious key that no one else can make. I have yet to realize my dream. I'll continue my travels until I acquire more skills.					According to old stories, there are many gates that can be opened by magic. I was always curious if that could be applied to keys and safes. That's what the objective of my journey is. To make a mysterious key that no one else can make. I have yet to realize my dream. I'll continue my travels until I acquire more skills.		According to old stories, there are many gates that can be opened by magic. I was always curious if that could be applied to keys and safes. That's what the objective of my journey is. To make a mysterious key that no one else can make. I have yet to realize my dream. I'll continue my travels until I acquire more skills.		According to old stories, there are many gates that can be opened by magic. I was always curious if that could be applied to keys and safes. That's what the objective of my journey is. To make a mysterious key that no one else can make. I have yet to realize my dream. I'll continue my travels until I acquire more skills.
					Safe keepers make sturdy safes, yet they use bad locks and end up getting their belongings stolen. They don't know what's more important. How pitiful! If they asked me, I could make them some good locks.					Safe keepers make sturdy safes, yet they use bad locks and end up getting their belongings stolen. They don't know what's more important. How pitiful! If they asked me, I could make them some good locks.		Safe keepers make sturdy safes, yet they use bad locks and end up getting their belongings stolen. They don't know what's more important. How pitiful! If they asked me, I could make them some good locks.		Safe keepers make sturdy safes, yet they use bad locks and end up getting their belongings stolen. They don't know what's more important. How pitiful! If they asked me, I could make them some good locks.
					For long, there have been rumors that the Archons are hidden in a labyrinth underground. I'm sure there's a solid door to that labyrinth and a lock that no one can open. Just thinking about it excites me. I know I'm not skilled enough, but I wish I were there.					For long, there have been rumors that the Archons are hidden in a labyrinth underground. I'm sure there's a solid door to that labyrinth and a lock that no one can open. Just thinking about it excites me. I know I'm not skilled enough, but I wish I were there.		For long, there have been rumors that the Archons are hidden in a labyrinth underground. I'm sure there's a solid door to that labyrinth and a lock that no one can open. Just thinking about it excites me. I know I'm not skilled enough, but I wish I were there.		For long, there have been rumors that the Archons are hidden in a labyrinth underground. I'm sure there's a solid door to that labyrinth and a lock that no one can open. Just thinking about it excites me. I know I'm not skilled enough, but I wish I were there.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
148	<Traveler> Ardo		<Traveler> Ardo	100	I'm Ardo, the traveling swordsman. That's all. I have nothing much to say about myself, that is unless we become somewhat close.				100	I'm Ardo, the traveling swordsman. That's all. I have nothing much to say about myself, that is unless we become somewhat close.	100	I'm Ardo, the traveling swordsman. That's all. I have nothing much to say about myself, that is unless we become somewhat close.	100	I'm Ardo, the traveling swordsman. That's all. I have nothing much to say about myself, that is unless we become somewhat close.
					Using weapons and killing often makes you dull. How many have you killed? And how many more will you kill? Only pick up a weapon when you feel it's justified. It's also important to establish such beliefs for righteous causes.					Using weapons and killing often makes you dull. How many have you killed? And how many more will you kill? Only pick up a weapon when you feel it's justified. It's also important to establish such beliefs for righteous causes.		Using weapons and killing often makes you dull. How many have you killed? And how many more will you kill? Only pick up a weapon when you feel it's justified. It's also important to establish such beliefs for righteous causes.		Using weapons and killing often makes you dull. How many have you killed? And how many more will you kill? Only pick up a weapon when you feel it's justified. It's also important to establish such beliefs for righteous causes.
					Have you ever seen my daughter? She's very beautiful. I will continue traveling until I find her. There's no use stopping me.					Have you ever seen my daughter? She's very beautiful. I will continue traveling until I find her. There's no use stopping me.		Have you ever seen my daughter? She's very beautiful. I will continue traveling until I find her. There's no use stopping me.		Have you ever seen my daughter? She's very beautiful. I will continue traveling until I find her. There's no use stopping me.
					Oh, what use is it to obtain knowledge and travel when you can't find your family? Until I find my daughter, my life is no better than death.					Oh, what use is it to obtain knowledge and travel when you can't find your family? Until I find my daughter, my life is no better than death.		Oh, what use is it to obtain knowledge and travel when you can't find your family? Until I find my daughter, my life is no better than death.		Oh, what use is it to obtain knowledge and travel when you can't find your family? Until I find my daughter, my life is no better than death.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-						
149	<Merchant> Uto		<Merchant> Uto	100	My name is Uto and I'm the only merchant in Dark Wave Village. I'm also the last merchant between Anchorville and Kuhn, so I'd suggest you depend on me as much as you can. Now, pick something you like from my merchandise. They're just as high in quality as those sold in the big cities.				100	I don't care who you are. Just buy something and hand over the money! But if you want my advice, go and see the Pardoner.	100	No matter how much I like money, there's nothing I could sell to you.	100	No matter how much I like money, there's nothing I could sell to you.
					The monsters around this village are quite mean. Plus, they're greedier than you expect them to be. Damn monsters......									
					Isn't it bothersome to travel long distances? Dark Wave Village is like a comfortable lounge and I'm a kind merchant that will reduce a lot of your burdens. Are you feeling thankful?									
					All merchants sell similar items, so no one merchant can become rich. It's quite unfortunate. I wish I could offer something that other merchants don't. If you have such an item, will you sell it to me?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
150	<Blacksmith> Cy Ironeater		<Blacksmith> Cy Ironeater	100	I'm Cy Ironeater. I'm not that good, but I'm the only blacksmith in Dark Wave Village. I have a lot to learn, but do be generous. I know that travelers like you are......				100	I don't earn much these days. But I'm not so poor that I have to take your money.	100	This is a holy place. You have to leave!	100	This is a holy place. You have to leave!
					Dark Wave Village used to be a small tent camp smaller. It grew into a village as time passed.									
					These days, foul monsters appear quite often around the village and create problems. I work in this village and another place as well, and while going back and forth, I spend a lot of time capturing useless monsters. It's quite a waste of time, you could say.									
					The Solcid Mountains are considered very holy to the Orcs. It's cold here, but known to have a powerful force surging up from the ground. As you know, Orcs are species that rely on the earth. The two temples in this area serve to make the mountains more powerful.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
151	<Traveler> Barkuk		<Traveler> Barkuk	100	I'm Barkuk and I roam around in search for the truth. I also help travelers like you feel legends and open their eyes to seeing the truth. What do you think? Would you like to open a new door of knowledge with me? I don't know what lies behind either. That's why I refer to it as 'new.'				100	I'm Barkuk and I roam around in search for the truth. I also help travelers like you feel legends and open their eyes to seeing the truth. What do you think? Would you like to open a new door of knowledge with me? I don't know what lies behind either. That's why I refer to it as 'new.'	100	I'm Barkuk and I roam around in search for the truth. I also help travelers like you feel legends and open their eyes to seeing the truth. What do you think? Would you like to open a new door of knowledge with me? I don't know what lies behind either. That's why I refer to it as 'new.'	100	I'm Barkuk and I roam around in search for the truth. I also help travelers like you feel legends and open their eyes to seeing the truth. What do you think? Would you like to open a new door of knowledge with me? I don't know what lies behind either. That's why I refer to it as 'new.'
					Traveling is all about seeing the world. Many truths can be found in this process, but most people seem to only see the fake things. Do you wish to become an Archlord, too? What will you do after you become one? Will you bring chaos to the world? When the time comes where you can bring big changes to the world with your thoughts, think about it. Think where truth lies in the world.					Traveling is all about seeing the world. Many truths can be found in this process, but most people seem to only see the fake things. Do you wish to become an Archlord, too? What will you do after you become one? Will you bring chaos to the world? When the time comes where you can bring big changes to the world with your thoughts, think about it. Think where truth lies in the world.		Traveling is all about seeing the world. Many truths can be found in this process, but most people seem to only see the fake things. Do you wish to become an Archlord, too? What will you do after you become one? Will you bring chaos to the world? When the time comes where you can bring big changes to the world with your thoughts, think about it. Think where truth lies in the world.		Traveling is all about seeing the world. Many truths can be found in this process, but most people seem to only see the fake things. Do you wish to become an Archlord, too? What will you do after you become one? Will you bring chaos to the world? When the time comes where you can bring big changes to the world with your thoughts, think about it. Think where truth lies in the world.
					I'd like to see the huge wave that gave name to this village. Just imagining it makes my heart beat faster.					I'd like to see the huge wave that gave name to this village. Just imagining it makes my heart beat faster.		I'd like to see the huge wave that gave name to this village. Just imagining it makes my heart beat faster.		I'd like to see the huge wave that gave name to this village. Just imagining it makes my heart beat faster.
					Grimlore is a very meaningful place to the Orcs. Maybe the Archons are hidden here? No, I didn't hear anything. I just imagined that they could be here. Knowledge is sometimes created based only on reasoning and thought.					Grimlore is a very meaningful place to the Orcs. Maybe the Archons are hidden here? No, I didn't hear anything. I just imagined that they could be here. Knowledge is sometimes created based only on reasoning and thought.		Grimlore is a very meaningful place to the Orcs. Maybe the Archons are hidden here? No, I didn't hear anything. I just imagined that they could be here. Knowledge is sometimes created based only on reasoning and thought.		Grimlore is a very meaningful place to the Orcs. Maybe the Archons are hidden here? No, I didn't hear anything. I just imagined that they could be here. Knowledge is sometimes created based only on reasoning and thought.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
152	<Traveler> Tara		<Traveler> Tara	100	I'm Tara, the sorcerer. What kind of species do I look like? Haha. I'm half Elven. I was born to an Orc father and an Elf mother. But I barely look like an Orc, do I? That's why most don't know about my birth. You may be the only one.				100	I'm Tara, the sorcerer. What kind of species do I look like? Haha. I'm half Elven. I was born to an Orc father and an Elf mother. But I barely look like an Orc, do I? That's why most don't know about my birth. You may be the only one.	100	I'm Tara, the sorcerer. What kind of species do I look like? Haha. I'm half Elven. I was born to an Orc father and an Elf mother. But I barely look like an Orc, do I? That's why most don't know about my birth. You may be the only one.	100	I'm Tara, the sorcerer. What kind of species do I look like? Haha. I'm half Elven. I was born to an Orc father and an Elf mother. But I barely look like an Orc, do I? That's why most don't know about my birth. You may be the only one.
					I became a sorcerer because of my father, who's an Orc. Sorcerers are rarely found among Elves. Some have prejudices against me based on my looks. I am half Elven...and I don't like people to have preconceived notions of Elves.					I became a sorcerer because of my father, who's an Orc. Sorcerers are rarely found among Elves. Some have prejudices against me based on my looks. I am half Elven...and I don't like people to have preconceived notions of Elves.		I became a sorcerer because of my father, who's an Orc. Sorcerers are rarely found among Elves. Some have prejudices against me based on my looks. I am half Elven...and I don't like people to have preconceived notions of Elves.		I became a sorcerer because of my father, who's an Orc. Sorcerers are rarely found among Elves. Some have prejudices against me based on my looks. I am half Elven...and I don't like people to have preconceived notions of Elves.
					I heard my father lives in Nortop, so I went there. But I wasn't able to find him...so I returned. Recently, I met a traveler who said he'd seen my father. So I'm preparing to go to Nortop again.					I heard my father lives in Nortop, so I went there. But I wasn't able to find him...so I returned. Recently, I met a traveler who said he'd seen my father. So I'm preparing to go to Nortop again.		I heard my father lives in Nortop, so I went there. But I wasn't able to find him...so I returned. Recently, I met a traveler who said he'd seen my father. So I'm preparing to go to Nortop again.		I heard my father lives in Nortop, so I went there. But I wasn't able to find him...so I returned. Recently, I met a traveler who said he'd seen my father. So I'm preparing to go to Nortop again.
					My mom passed away soon after I was born. I take after my mother, but hopefully I have my father's life span. I probably can't live forever, but I'm satisfied with my life now. Oh, how I miss my parents.					My mom passed away soon after I was born. I take after my mother, but hopefully I have my father's life span. I probably can't live forever, but I'm satisfied with my life now. Oh, how I miss my parents.		My mom passed away soon after I was born. I take after my mother, but hopefully I have my father's life span. I probably can't live forever, but I'm satisfied with my life now. Oh, how I miss my parents.		My mom passed away soon after I was born. I take after my mother, but hopefully I have my father's life span. I probably can't live forever, but I'm satisfied with my life now. Oh, how I miss my parents.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
153	<Pilgrim> Nox		<Pilgrim> Nox	100	I'm Nox, the pilgrim. Where are you headed to? This place is called Jamushi's Seal and it connects the east and the west. A long time ago, the People of the Sea sealed the evil power of Jamushi. It's not my duty, but I feel that I must guard this village. That's why I'm staying here despite the difficulties.				100	I'm Nox, the pilgrim. Where are you headed to? This place is called Jamushi's Seal and it connects the east and the west. A long time ago, the People of the Sea sealed the evil power of Jamushi. It's not my duty, but I feel that I must guard this village. That's why I'm staying here despite the difficulties.	100	I'm Nox, the pilgrim. Where are you headed to? This place is called Jamushi's Seal and it connects the east and the west. A long time ago, the People of the Sea sealed the evil power of Jamushi. It's not my duty, but I feel that I must guard this village. That's why I'm staying here despite the difficulties.	100	I'm Nox, the pilgrim. Where are you headed to? This place is called Jamushi's Seal and it connects the east and the west. A long time ago, the People of the Sea sealed the evil power of Jamushi. It's not my duty, but I feel that I must guard this village. That's why I'm staying here despite the difficulties.
					When I was young, I did many things, including pick pocketing and stealing. But at a there came a point, I repented my sins and started my life as a pilgrim. Fortunately, I became known for my magic skills and a master took me in to make me what I am today. I hope to become a great sorcerer like him.					When I was young, I did many things, including pick pocketing and stealing. But at a there came a point, I repented my sins and started my life as a pilgrim. Fortunately, I became known for my magic skills and a master took me in to make me what I am today. I hope to become a great sorcerer like him.		When I was young, I did many things, including pick pocketing and stealing. But at a there came a point, I repented my sins and started my life as a pilgrim. Fortunately, I became known for my magic skills and a master took me in to make me what I am today. I hope to become a great sorcerer like him.		When I was young, I did many things, including pick pocketing and stealing. But at a there came a point, I repented my sins and started my life as a pilgrim. Fortunately, I became known for my magic skills and a master took me in to make me what I am today. I hope to become a great sorcerer like him.
					Have you been to the Fountain of Miracles in the southeast? There lives a young pilgrim named Canaria. The Fountain of Miracles probably is as old as the land. It's very old. Go there when you get the chance.					Have you been to the Fountain of Miracles in the southeast? There lives a young pilgrim named Canaria. The Fountain of Miracles probably is as old as the land. It's very old. Go there when you get the chance.		Have you been to the Fountain of Miracles in the southeast? There lives a young pilgrim named Canaria. The Fountain of Miracles probably is as old as the land. It's very old. Go there when you get the chance.		Have you been to the Fountain of Miracles in the southeast? There lives a young pilgrim named Canaria. The Fountain of Miracles probably is as old as the land. It's very old. Go there when you get the chance.
					There are talks that Jamushi may one day break the seal and wake up from his sleep when Chantra falls into chaos. I fear that confusion will ensue when the Archlord comes. When powerful forces arise, the weak souls will easily fall into temptation.					There are talks that Jamushi may one day break the seal and wake up from his sleep when Chantra falls into chaos. I fear that confusion will ensue when the Archlord comes. When powerful forces arise, the weak souls will easily fall into temptation.		There are talks that Jamushi may one day break the seal and wake up from his sleep when Chantra falls into chaos. I fear that confusion will ensue when the Archlord comes. When powerful forces arise, the weak souls will easily fall into temptation.		There are talks that Jamushi may one day break the seal and wake up from his sleep when Chantra falls into chaos. I fear that confusion will ensue when the Archlord comes. When powerful forces arise, the weak souls will easily fall into temptation.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
154	<Pilgrim> Canaria		<Pilgrim> Canaria	100	I'm Canaria, known as the singing pilgrim. They say my rhythmical voice makes it sound like I'm singing. A nice voice is as powerful as magic. When I speak, even the birds smile and the flowers sing along. I really like this. Try following after me. Oh~~~ how beautiful~~~				100	I'm Canaria, known as the singing pilgrim. They say my rhythmical voice makes it sound like I'm singing. A nice voice is as powerful as magic. When I speak, even the birds smile and the flowers sing along. I really like this. Try following after me. Oh~~~ how beautiful~~~	100	I'm Canaria, known as the singing pilgrim. They say my rhythmical voice makes it sound like I'm singing. A nice voice is as powerful as magic. When I speak, even the birds smile and the flowers sing along. I really like this. Try following after me. Oh~~~ how beautiful~~~	100	I'm Canaria, known as the singing pilgrim. They say my rhythmical voice makes it sound like I'm singing. A nice voice is as powerful as magic. When I speak, even the birds smile and the flowers sing along. I really like this. Try following after me. Oh~~~ how beautiful~~~
					This is the Fountain of Miracles, which is really famous among the people of Delfaras. Since Rachel, a pilgrim, made it reemerge with the power of prayer, we've never had any droughts. I also hear that those who drink water from here obtain the power to heal. But without belief, all of this is simply a lie. You mustn't have evil intentions when you drink from it.					This is the Fountain of Miracles, which is really famous among the people of Delfaras. Since Rachel, a pilgrim, made it reemerge with the power of prayer, we've never had any droughts. I also hear that those who drink water from here obtain the power to heal. But without belief, all of this is simply a lie. You mustn't have evil intentions when you drink from it.		This is the Fountain of Miracles, which is really famous among the people of Delfaras. Since Rachel, a pilgrim, made it reemerge with the power of prayer, we've never had any droughts. I also hear that those who drink water from here obtain the power to heal. But without belief, all of this is simply a lie. You mustn't have evil intentions when you drink from it.		This is the Fountain of Miracles, which is really famous among the people of Delfaras. Since Rachel, a pilgrim, made it reemerge with the power of prayer, we've never had any droughts. I also hear that those who drink water from here obtain the power to heal. But without belief, all of this is simply a lie. You mustn't have evil intentions when you drink from it.
					The Fountain of Youth has a close connection with Gian Manas. He is said to have traveled to many places and performed glorious deeds, even having numerous adventures here in Limelight. Those who wish to follow in his footsteps must not pass through this place.					The Fountain of Youth has a close connection with Gian Manas. He is said to have traveled to many places and performed glorious deeds, even having numerous adventures here in Limelight. Those who wish to follow in his footsteps must not pass through this place.		The Fountain of Youth has a close connection with Gian Manas. He is said to have traveled to many places and performed glorious deeds, even having numerous adventures here in Limelight. Those who wish to follow in his footsteps must not pass through this place.		The Fountain of Youth has a close connection with Gian Manas. He is said to have traveled to many places and performed glorious deeds, even having numerous adventures here in Limelight. Those who wish to follow in his footsteps must not pass through this place.
					I am meditating. I'm praising the wishes of Rachel, the pilgrim who created this place, so be silent for a while.					I am meditating. I'm praising the wishes of Rachel, the pilgrim who created this place, so be silent for a while.		I am meditating. I'm praising the wishes of Rachel, the pilgrim who created this place, so be silent for a while.		I am meditating. I'm praising the wishes of Rachel, the pilgrim who created this place, so be silent for a while.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
155	<Miner> Pickin Firepick		<Miner> Pickin Firepick	100	I'm Pickin Firepick, the best miner around. My job is to keep the mine, protect my colleagues, quickly inform everyone if we face attack, and run out of the mine to get help should trouble arise inside. I have a lot of friends because I often come into contact with many other species.				100	I'm Pickin Firepick, the best miner around. My job is to keep the mine, protect my colleagues, quickly inform everyone if we face attack, and run out of the mine to get help should trouble arise inside. I have a lot of friends because I often come into contact with many other species.	100	I'm Pickin Firepick, the best miner around. My job is to keep the mine, protect my colleagues, quickly inform everyone if we face attack, and run out of the mine to get help should trouble arise inside. I have a lot of friends because I often come into contact with many other species.	100	I'm Pickin Firepick, the best miner around. My job is to keep the mine, protect my colleagues, quickly inform everyone if we face attack, and run out of the mine to get help should trouble arise inside. I have a lot of friends because I often come into contact with many other species.
					Have you heard about the Archons? What about the Archlord? I couldn't sleep after I heard about them. It was like energy was rising from deep inside.					Have you heard about the Archons? What about the Archlord? I couldn't sleep after I heard about them. It was like energy was rising from deep inside.		Have you heard about the Archons? What about the Archlord? I couldn't sleep after I heard about them. It was like energy was rising from deep inside.		Have you heard about the Archons? What about the Archlord? I couldn't sleep after I heard about them. It was like energy was rising from deep inside.
					There are many names for this place. The most common is Gnome's Cave, but we don't use this term amongst ourselves. In the language of the Gnomes ...... it's too long and difficult to pronounce for species like you....... simply understand it as 'Infinite possibilities within finite darkness.'					There are many names for this place. The most common is Gnome's Cave, but we don't use this term amongst ourselves. In the language of the Gnomes ...... it's too long and difficult to pronounce for species like you....... simply understand it as 'Infinite possibilities within finite darkness.'		There are many names for this place. The most common is Gnome's Cave, but we don't use this term amongst ourselves. In the language of the Gnomes ...... it's too long and difficult to pronounce for species like you....... simply understand it as 'Infinite possibilities within finite darkness.'		There are many names for this place. The most common is Gnome's Cave, but we don't use this term amongst ourselves. In the language of the Gnomes ...... it's too long and difficult to pronounce for species like you....... simply understand it as 'Infinite possibilities within finite darkness.'
					These days, we can no longer live in peace like we used to since there are so many travelers. Travelers like you keep coming to visit. Once or twice is okay, but don't you think it's too much if it affects our business? I'm not personally referring to you, but just making a point.					These days, we can no longer live in peace like we used to since there are so many travelers. Travelers like you keep coming to visit. Once or twice is okay, but don't you think it's too much if it affects our business? I'm not personally referring to you, but just making a point.		These days, we can no longer live in peace like we used to since there are so many travelers. Travelers like you keep coming to visit. Once or twice is okay, but don't you think it's too much if it affects our business? I'm not personally referring to you, but just making a point.		These days, we can no longer live in peace like we used to since there are so many travelers. Travelers like you keep coming to visit. Once or twice is okay, but don't you think it's too much if it affects our business? I'm not personally referring to you, but just making a point.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
156	<Village Chief> Aliti Stillwhisperer		<Village Chief> Aliti Stillwhisperer	100	Welcome to our village. You're in Low Wind Village and I'm Aliti Stillwhisperer, head of this village. I don't like to talk, so I'll stop right here.				100	Welcome to our village. You're in Low Wind Village and I'm Aliti Stillwhisperer, head of this village. I don't like to talk, so I'll stop right here.	100	Welcome to our village. You're in Low Wind Village and I'm Aliti Stillwhisperer, head of this village. I don't like to talk, so I'll stop right here.	100	Welcome to our village. You're in Low Wind Village and I'm Aliti Stillwhisperer, head of this village. I don't like to talk, so I'll stop right here.
					Think and execute. As long as you're in our village, you have to follow our rules. Those who only talk and don't execute do not have the right to stay here. What about you?					Think and execute. As long as you're in our village, you have to follow our rules. Those who only talk and don't execute do not have the right to stay here. What about you?		Think and execute. As long as you're in our village, you have to follow our rules. Those who only talk and don't execute do not have the right to stay here. What about you?		Think and execute. As long as you're in our village, you have to follow our rules. Those who only talk and don't execute do not have the right to stay here. What about you?
					Low Wind is a village of minorities. It's an independent village completely separated from Tullan. Now and then, noblemen from Tullan show themselves, but they must be careful not to have their beards pulled out.					Low Wind is a village of minorities. It's an independent village completely separated from Tullan. Now and then, noblemen from Tullan show themselves, but they must be careful not to have their beards pulled out.		Low Wind is a village of minorities. It's an independent village completely separated from Tullan. Now and then, noblemen from Tullan show themselves, but they must be careful not to have their beards pulled out.		Low Wind is a village of minorities. It's an independent village completely separated from Tullan. Now and then, noblemen from Tullan show themselves, but they must be careful not to have their beards pulled out.
					Our village also suffered losses during Usus' riot. Quite a few of us had to escape from the Orcs. It was a complete nightmare. So it's really frustrating when people take us for Orcs.					Our village also suffered losses during Usus' riot. Quite a few of us had to escape from the Orcs. It was a complete nightmare. So it's really frustrating when people take us for Orcs.		Our village also suffered losses during Usus' riot. Quite a few of us had to escape from the Orcs. It was a complete nightmare. So it's really frustrating when people take us for Orcs.		Our village also suffered losses during Usus' riot. Quite a few of us had to escape from the Orcs. It was a complete nightmare. So it's really frustrating when people take us for Orcs.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
157	<Mercenary> Bobum		<Mercenary> Bobum	100	I'm Bobooom. No, I'm mean Bobum. My name is Bobum and I'm a mercenary. But I've never been dispatched because I'm not that good, yet. I currently guard the village and clean it now and then. I basically do what's given. But it's still fun and I like my life here. Hehe.				100	I'm Bobooom. No, I'm mean Bobum. My name is Bobum and I'm a mercenary. But I've never been dispatched because I'm not that good, yet. I currently guard the village and clean it now and then. I basically do what's given. But it's still fun and I like my life here. Hehe.	100	I'm Bobooom. No, I'm mean Bobum. My name is Bobum and I'm a mercenary. But I've never been dispatched because I'm not that good, yet. I currently guard the village and clean it now and then. I basically do what's given. But it's still fun and I like my life here. Hehe.	100	I'm Bobooom. No, I'm mean Bobum. My name is Bobum and I'm a mercenary. But I've never been dispatched because I'm not that good, yet. I currently guard the village and clean it now and then. I basically do what's given. But it's still fun and I like my life here. Hehe.
					This is a village of mercenaries where those who haven't been dispatched to Tullan stay. Recently, many mercenaries have set off in search of the Archons and only a few remain.					This is a village of mercenaries where those who haven't been dispatched to Tullan stay. Recently, many mercenaries have set off in search of the Archons and only a few remain.		This is a village of mercenaries where those who haven't been dispatched to Tullan stay. Recently, many mercenaries have set off in search of the Archons and only a few remain.		This is a village of mercenaries where those who haven't been dispatched to Tullan stay. Recently, many mercenaries have set off in search of the Archons and only a few remain.
					They all say I'm a fool. But what can I do? I was born this way, so that's how I live. As foolish as I am, the Elementals of the earth gave me a certain type of power. If I want, I can crush all the trees on the mountains! That's my power and strength!					They all say I'm a fool. But what can I do? I was born this way, so that's how I live. As foolish as I am, the Elementals of the earth gave me a certain type of power. If I want, I can crush all the trees on the mountains! That's my power and strength!		They all say I'm a fool. But what can I do? I was born this way, so that's how I live. As foolish as I am, the Elementals of the earth gave me a certain type of power. If I want, I can crush all the trees on the mountains! That's my power and strength!		They all say I'm a fool. But what can I do? I was born this way, so that's how I live. As foolish as I am, the Elementals of the earth gave me a certain type of power. If I want, I can crush all the trees on the mountains! That's my power and strength!
					I want to return to Kuhn right away. I wonder how long I have to wait here. Those who can't go back to Kuhn because it's too crowded have to stay here but there are many who're leaving to become Archlord. I wish they'd ask me to join them.					I want to return to Kuhn right away. I wonder how long I have to wait here. Those who can't go back to Kuhn because it's too crowded have to stay here but there are many who're leaving to become Archlord. I wish they'd ask me to join them.		I want to return to Kuhn right away. I wonder how long I have to wait here. Those who can't go back to Kuhn because it's too crowded have to stay here but there are many who're leaving to become Archlord. I wish they'd ask me to join them.		I want to return to Kuhn right away. I wonder how long I have to wait here. Those who can't go back to Kuhn because it's too crowded have to stay here but there are many who're leaving to become Archlord. I wish they'd ask me to join them.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
158	<Odd Orb Keeper> Poppy		<Odd Orb Keeper> Poppy	100	I...... I'm Poppy and I guard the Odd Orb.				100	I...... I'm Poppy and I guard the Odd Orb.	100	I...... I'm Poppy and I guard the Odd Orb.	100	I...... I'm Poppy and I guard the Odd Orb.
					The Odd Orb is a very old building. It's broken now, but some day someone will fix it. I'll stay here and discipline myself until then.					The Odd Orb is a very old building. It's broken now, but some day someone will fix it. I'll stay here and discipline myself until then.		The Odd Orb is a very old building. It's broken now, but some day someone will fix it. I'll stay here and discipline myself until then.		The Odd Orb is a very old building. It's broken now, but some day someone will fix it. I'll stay here and discipline myself until then.
					¡¦¡¦¡¦¡¦¡¦¡¦.					¡¦¡¦¡¦¡¦¡¦¡¦.		¡¦¡¦¡¦¡¦¡¦¡¦.		¡¦¡¦¡¦¡¦¡¦¡¦.
					There are many secrets in the Odd Orb. That's why I guard it.					There are many secrets in the Odd Orb. That's why I guard it.		There are many secrets in the Odd Orb. That's why I guard it.		There are many secrets in the Odd Orb. That's why I guard it.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
159	<Miner> Mine Mystic Eye		<Miner> Mine Mystic Eye	100	I'm Mine Mystic Eye and I'm the miner who's been watching over this old mine. This isn't a village or home for us Gnomes, but simply a mine. The Orcs used to dig here, but they gave it to us because it wasn't much profit. Such underground work is perfect for the small and powerful. So apparently, the Orcs made a mistake.				100	I'm Mine Mystic Eye and I'm the miner who's been watching over this old mine. This isn't a village or home for us Gnomes, but simply a mine. The Orcs used to dig here, but they gave it to us because it wasn't much profit. Such underground work is perfect for the small and powerful. So apparently, the Orcs made a mistake.	100	I'm Mine Mystic Eye and I'm the miner who's been watching over this old mine. This isn't a village or home for us Gnomes, but simply a mine. The Orcs used to dig here, but they gave it to us because it wasn't much profit. Such underground work is perfect for the small and powerful. So apparently, the Orcs made a mistake.	100	I'm Mine Mystic Eye and I'm the miner who's been watching over this old mine. This isn't a village or home for us Gnomes, but simply a mine. The Orcs used to dig here, but they gave it to us because it wasn't much profit. Such underground work is perfect for the small and powerful. So apparently, the Orcs made a mistake.
					I'll go have a drink for a second, so would you mind taking my place? On second thoughts, I guess I shouldn't. It's not right to let a strange traveler take over such an important task. Forgive me, I wasn't thinking straight.					I'll go have a drink for a second, so would you mind taking my place? On second thoughts, I guess I shouldn't. It's not right to let a strange traveler take over such an important task. Forgive me, I wasn't thinking straight.		I'll go have a drink for a second, so would you mind taking my place? On second thoughts, I guess I shouldn't. It's not right to let a strange traveler take over such an important task. Forgive me, I wasn't thinking straight.		I'll go have a drink for a second, so would you mind taking my place? On second thoughts, I guess I shouldn't. It's not right to let a strange traveler take over such an important task. Forgive me, I wasn't thinking straight.
					We Gnomes don't trust other tribes that much but when we feel positive about a certain tribe, we give them our full support. Good friends last a lifetime for us.					We Gnomes don't trust other tribes that much but when we feel positive about a certain tribe, we give them our full support. Good friends last a lifetime for us.		We Gnomes don't trust other tribes that much but when we feel positive about a certain tribe, we give them our full support. Good friends last a lifetime for us.		We Gnomes don't trust other tribes that much but when we feel positive about a certain tribe, we give them our full support. Good friends last a lifetime for us.
					The weight of the pickaxes we use are heavier than a lion. No one else can hold them, and this proves how strong and great our tribe is.					The weight of the pickaxes we use are heavier than a lion. No one else can hold them, and this proves how strong and great our tribe is.		The weight of the pickaxes we use are heavier than a lion. No one else can hold them, and this proves how strong and great our tribe is.		The weight of the pickaxes we use are heavier than a lion. No one else can hold them, and this proves how strong and great our tribe is.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
160	<Mason> Trin Stoneflame		<Mason> Trin Stoneflame	100	I'm Trin Stoneflame, a mason. Frankly, there's not much I do for Golundo. Instead, I get a lot of requests from Kuhn or Trilgard. Good stone is as hard to find as those obtained from the Solcide Mountains. That's why I made my workshop here. It's difficult to get to, but is meaningful in many ways.				100	I'm Trin Stoneflame, a mason. Frankly, there's not much I do for Golundo. Instead, I get a lot of requests from Kuhn or Trilgard. Good stone is as hard to find as those obtained from the Solcide Mountains. That's why I made my workshop here. It's difficult to get to, but is meaningful in many ways.	100	I'm Trin Stoneflame, a mason. Frankly, there's not much I do for Golundo. Instead, I get a lot of requests from Kuhn or Trilgard. Good stone is as hard to find as those obtained from the Solcide Mountains. That's why I made my workshop here. It's difficult to get to, but is meaningful in many ways.	100	I'm Trin Stoneflame, a mason. Frankly, there's not much I do for Golundo. Instead, I get a lot of requests from Kuhn or Trilgard. Good stone is as hard to find as those obtained from the Solcide Mountains. That's why I made my workshop here. It's difficult to get to, but is meaningful in many ways.
					You can guess how strong I am from seeing me wield this heavy hammer, huh? But I can no longer act as a warrior since I injured my right leg a few years ago. I used to be acknowledged as a mason and a warrior when Ugdrasil was alive. Compared to then, all the Great Kings and those in power have no artistic sense whatsoever.					You can guess how strong I am from seeing me wield this heavy hammer, huh? But I can no longer act as a warrior since I injured my right leg a few years ago. I used to be acknowledged as a mason and a warrior when Ugdrasil was alive. Compared to then, all the Great Kings and those in power have no artistic sense whatsoever.		You can guess how strong I am from seeing me wield this heavy hammer, huh? But I can no longer act as a warrior since I injured my right leg a few years ago. I used to be acknowledged as a mason and a warrior when Ugdrasil was alive. Compared to then, all the Great Kings and those in power have no artistic sense whatsoever.		You can guess how strong I am from seeing me wield this heavy hammer, huh? But I can no longer act as a warrior since I injured my right leg a few years ago. I used to be acknowledged as a mason and a warrior when Ugdrasil was alive. Compared to then, all the Great Kings and those in power have no artistic sense whatsoever.
					This huge stone building isn't simply my workshop and my house. It's linked to a deep part of the earth and makes the powerful forces of the Elementals surge up. What does that do? Well, it makes this land stable. I don't want Grimlore to be separate either. There are lots of valuable stones here.					This huge stone building isn't simply my workshop and my house. It's linked to a deep part of the earth and makes the powerful forces of the Elementals surge up. What does that do? Well, it makes this land stable. I don't want Grimlore to be separate either. There are lots of valuable stones here.		This huge stone building isn't simply my workshop and my house. It's linked to a deep part of the earth and makes the powerful forces of the Elementals surge up. What does that do? Well, it makes this land stable. I don't want Grimlore to be separate either. There are lots of valuable stones here.		This huge stone building isn't simply my workshop and my house. It's linked to a deep part of the earth and makes the powerful forces of the Elementals surge up. What does that do? Well, it makes this land stable. I don't want Grimlore to be separate either. There are lots of valuable stones here.
					They say Yetis live deep underneath the Solcide grounds. I've heard a lot of stories, but have never been there. I'm not too interested in meeting them. However, troublesome guys will always be bothersome and I should reconsider meeting them if they try to get in my way when obtaining stones.					They say Yetis live deep underneath the Solcide grounds. I've heard a lot of stories, but have never been there. I'm not too interested in meeting them. However, troublesome guys will always be bothersome and I should reconsider meeting them if they try to get in my way when obtaining stones.		They say Yetis live deep underneath the Solcide grounds. I've heard a lot of stories, but have never been there. I'm not too interested in meeting them. However, troublesome guys will always be bothersome and I should reconsider meeting them if they try to get in my way when obtaining stones.		They say Yetis live deep underneath the Solcide grounds. I've heard a lot of stories, but have never been there. I'm not too interested in meeting them. However, troublesome guys will always be bothersome and I should reconsider meeting them if they try to get in my way when obtaining stones.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-						
161	<Merchant> Girin		<Merchant> Girin	100	You must be a traveler, I'm glad you're here. I hope I have what you want. Even if you don't buy anything, I think it's always fun to speak to an adventurer.				100	"¾ÆÀÌµéÀÌ °¡±îÀÌÇÏ¸é ¾ÈµÇ´Â ºÐÀÌ·Î±º¿ä
You're such a bad influence on the young ones. I'll sell something to you, but you should see the Pardoner.	100	I'm scared the kids will see you. Get out of my sight!	100	I'm scared the kids will see you. Get out of my sight!
					Where are you headed to this time? Acquiring a lot of experience through adventuring is good, but spending time with children is also meaningful. You seem like you'd like children.									
					My father runs a weapon store. He's quite a hearty and bright person. I think he's an ideal father. I hope you spent as much time with your father as you do with your kids. Try visiting him when you have time.									
					I've been watching you from here. Children become curious when they see travelers like you. Watching helps me understand what kind of person a traveler is. You look like quite a good person so how can I help you?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
162	<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Big Daddy		<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Big Daddy	100	Hahaha! Welcome, traveler! Welcome to Big Daddy's weapons shop! Recklessly wielding your weapon in Shinewood is strictly prohibited and using any kind of weapon in Ellore will get you kicked out right away. So you may buy a weapon, but you must be careful when using it! Hahaha!				100	Hahaha... You like adventures! But aren't you a little young.... Running around doing bad stuff? If you had a family, you wouldn't be like this.... Hmm... Go and visit the Pardoner when you're done buying weapons!	100	Be gone from our village!	100	Be gone from our village!
					Seeing you reminds me of when I was young! I feel good today, so I'll give you a discount! Oh, my! You haven't made up your mind yet? How about this sharp sword? Or this stout hammer? Hahaha, I didn't mean to intrude! There are lots of weapons a young person like yourself would like, so take your time!									
					You look pretty strong. How about an arm wrestling match? If you win, I will give you a discount! How about it? You wouldn't be afraid of an old man like me would you? Hahaha! That's it! Why don't you get started?									
					All the wounds on your body tell me you're on a very rough adventure. Well, why not when you're young? Hahaha! I wish I could set off on a rough adventure like you, but I can't because of my daughter. A lot of time has passed already. You'll understand what I'm saying when you start a family.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
163	<Warrior Armor Merchant> Cross		<Warrior Armor Merchant> Cross	100	Hel..hel..hello, adventurer. At Cross' Shop, we continuously work hard to prepare...... the perfect armor for you. So if you need armor, tell me anytime. I..I...I'll have it ready for you.				100	An adventurer needs ar... armor. But I'd like it better... if you didn't wear any. You ask why? You... You should know the reason better than I.	100	Do you... want something from me? I... I don't sell armor.	100	Do you... want something from me? I... I don't sell armor.
					Ex..ex..excuse me. I was wondering if you'd made your choice. I noticed you were t..tr..trying on all the armor. If you have n..n..no intention of buying anything, p..pl..please leave.									
					Sorry. I can't give you a better deal. I already told you several times that I can't. No, I'm sorry. Please don't make things harder. The price is c..ch..cheap already. D..d.don't say anything more.									
					I ... ... used to enjoy adventure. Though I was not an ex..excellent warrior.., I devoted myself to the art. Then, I was very passionate and afraid of nothing. Armor saved me from all kinds of crises. I soon realized that the most important thing for an adventurer was armor itself....									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
164	<Archer Weapons Merchant> Lingdin		<Archer Weapons Merchant> Lingdin	100	Are you enjoying your journey? Having lived in Ellore for a long time, I would like to travel too. You must have encountered many difficulties during your travels? What not buy a new bow to save your life in future.				100	Are you having fun traveling? It seems you're full of agony. How about not buying weapons to get stronger and going to see the Pardoner to deal with that agony?	100	Anger quiets down with passing time.... But yours doesn't seem to. I cannot sell weapons to someone like you.	100	Anger quiets down with passing time.... But yours doesn't seem to. I cannot sell weapons to someone like you.
					Being in Ellore for so long has caused me to miss my friends who I used to go on adventures with. I'm sure you have a friend to share pleasures and joys with. I wish you knew what a blessing it is to be with all your friends.									
					Life is beautiful because time is limited. We Elves have an unlimited time ahead of us, so many of us don't live happily.									
					Cereserel is still a young Elf who likes to play jokes, but her passion for armor exceeds anyone. She's truly a diamond in the rough. With time, her indescribable beauty will be discovered.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
165	<Archer Armor Merchant> Cereserel		<Archer Armor Merchant> Cereserel	100	Oh, you're a traveler.. Are you an adventurer as well? What does it matter? Well, you could become my customer if you often engage in war and damage your armor. How about today? I'd be slightly happy if there were a fierce battle. It would help my business!.				100	Hey! Don't whine like that. If you've got something to say, say it. Aren't you here to buy something? I don't like you, but first and foremost I'm a merchant.	100	Could you go somewhere else if there's nothing you want? Or even if there is...	100	Could you go somewhere else if there's nothing you want? Or even if there is...
					Hey, you with the weird armor! Yeah, you! As the greatest armor specialist in Shinewood, I think it's about time you changed your armor. How about this? I think it would fit you. No? Ok then!									
					You've met Lingdin, haven't you? She's really bothersome, which is why I avoid her. I hate being annoyed. And I'm not too interested in knowing what she thinks about me. I just wish she'd stop nagging me.									
					I can get you what you need anytime, but the price will go up a bit. It doesn't mean I'm ripping you off. I'm simply charging extra for my service. No, I never allow losses in my business. That's why I'm still here, isn't it?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
166	<Magic Weapons Merchant> Serreno		<Magic Weapons Merchant> Serreno	100	The weather's fabulous! Should we close the shop and go on a picnic? Oh, but if people like you keep coming, I can't, can I? What are you doing at my shop? Interested in a magic weapon? You'll get in trouble if you hang around with no intention of buying anything.				100	Huh... What does someone like you want from me? You don't want to buy anything, do you? What impudence! You really don't know why I'm saying this? Isn't it obvious? Some advice for you... Go and see the Pardoner. He'll help you.	100	Don't steal my precious time. I don't want to talk to you!	100	Don't steal my precious time. I don't want to talk to you!
					Oh, gosh. Stop rummaging through my things if you're not going to buy them! This is simply unimaginable back in my hometown Ellore. Stop choosing and get going. I need some time on my own.									
					Hoho. What are you looking for? Take your time. Oh, that? This is what it costs. Huh? You'd like a discount? That's the best offer I can make. Nothing more. Oh, I told you I can't give you a better deal! I've been sensitive because an elder is coming by today, but no more. This really is horrible! Get out of here!									
					Willos is a beautiful Elf. But she's so beautiful that she gets on my nerves. After I found out she was cursed by the Elementals and can only speak certain words, I felt sorry. Treat her well if possible, otherwise Seleno will get angry.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
167	<Magic Armor Merchant> Willos		<Magic Armor Merchant> Willos	100	Spend your valuable time at Willow's shop.				100	You... You... look like... a bad person....	100	Please... go away....	100	Please... go away....
					I've been cursed, so.......									
					I don't know what to say.									
					It's a beautiful day.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
168	<Warrior Trainer> Excen		<Warrior Trainer> Excen	100	Shinewood is full of the Elemental's energy. But the monsters don't find that important. You're an adventurer and monsters will always go after you. Great skill is required to save yourself, don't you think? Don't ever think it's a waste to learn from me!				100	It's my mission to make sure adventurers get stronger. But you aren't one of those my mission shall include. You still want to learn? I could teach you, but only the basics.	100	I'm not responsible for making you stronger.	100	I'm not responsible for making you stronger.
					I'm a soldier dispatched from Tullan. I have an important duty and it's to carefully observe the movements of the Orcs. But time made me stop. Now, associating with travelers has become a part of my everyday life. Hm, I wasn't planning on talking about my past.									
					Execute each move with force and moderation. Sloppy movements cannot strike your opponent. Yeah! Put more strength into it. That's it. Get over your ego. It's not easy becoming the best!									
					I really like fishing. Do you know how to fish? I especially like watching my bobber glistening in the dark. It makes me feel calm. Come to think of it, today's the day I go fishing. I should get prepared. That's all for today. See you later.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
169	<Archer Trainer> Robindole		<Archer Trainer> Robindole	100	AARRRGGG!!!!!! I didn't see any monsters on my way here! Just wait until I meet them! Oh, I shouldn't have lost my temper in front of a customer. Killing them one by one would be so satisfying. Don't you agree? What's with that attitude? Don't upset me.				100	Oh no! Ah... I wasn't talking to you.... Don't... hmm... well... No, that just won't do! You should show your strength by killing monsters! But now this! I can teach you skills... but I don't really want to!	100	I don't want to teach someone like you!	100	I don't want to teach someone like you!
					I was frantic when Redderhood was being invaded. The monsters just wouldn't leave me alone. Thinking about it still makes my heart beat fast. It's a painful memory I'll never forget.									
					When I was in Redderhood, I easily captured big bears like the Evil Bear. Well, it was a little difficult, but quite fun. But since I fled Redderhood, I haven't hunted a bear in ages. I'd be happily hunting them if it weren't for those ugly monsters.									
					If you can't choose what skills to learn from me, then don't. If you're deliberating for so long, it means you didn't think prior to coming here. I, Robindole, don't like people who upset me! Keep that in mind.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
170	<Magic Trainer> Mia		<Magic Trainer> Mia	100	Hey! Are you good enough to be my disciple? If not, don't bother me. Can't you see I'm busy writing a book? Didn't Mybling tell you that I would only pass on my skills when extremely needed?				100	Mumble, mumble... What do you want? You're getting in my way! Can't you tell that I hate it when that happens? You seem to be in a hurry, disturbing me like this? What do you want?	100	Don't bother me!	100	Don't bother me!
					It seems you haven't heard that I hate being disturbed the most. Then let me tell you this. "I hate being disturbed!" You got it? If you still have something to say, I'll hear it out. If not, go away!									
					The infamous mage Nathaniel uses a powerful water elemental attack, so be wary of your own and your companions safety.....Hmm my writing is going extremely well today!									
					Oh, you seem like the one I've been waiting for so long. You have a very special power. That's enough to become my student. How about it? Would you like me to serve as your master and learn my magic and knowledge?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
171	<Safe Keeper> Goldstock		<Safe Keeper> Goldstock	100	Wait. Brush your teeth before you approach me. And wash your hands. Look at all that dust on your armor. Don't think that you can be dirty because you're a traveler or an adventurer. Cleanliness is the best. Speak from where you are if you think you'll get the slightest bit of dust on me. Are you here to store your belongings?				100	It's the first time I've seen someone as dirty as you. And you know I'm not talking about your armor, right?	100	If you want to leave items with me, stand way over there when you speak to me.	100	If you want to leave items with me, stand way over there when you speak to me.
					I can't store anything that has so much dust on it! I could wash them myself, but that would ruin all my clothes! So clean them yourself and I'll store them right away.									
					I've been a member of the Delfaras Merchants Association all my life. Then I moved to Ellore to travel the desert. I even paid an alchemist a lot of money to make a magic safe so that my things wouldn't get dusty. But there's no one that wants to travel the desert with me.									
					I can't stand foulness! I always try to be clean. So, please keep away from me, or I'll scream.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
172	<Blacksmith> Torune		<Blacksmith> Torune	100	Heave-ho! Blacksmith Torune always has a busy day. Time just flies by, dealing with travelers like you. I'm busy, don't disturb me.				100	Yo-ho! I'm so busy like this... and then a customer like you comes in! What do you want? If you're done here, please leave.	100	I'm very busy.... Don't disturb me.	100	I'm very busy.... Don't disturb me.
					I promised by tomorrow, so why are you pressing me already? I'll keep my promise, so come back tomorrow. What? Are you saying you don't trust me? Well, it's nearly ready, but I'll give it to you in the morning. Ill see you then!									
					I get real busy when a big war or battle breaks out. That's why I prepare little by little in advance. Does seeing me prepare in advance make you want to do the same? But you shouldn't. There's nothing for you to prepare. Hahaha. Don't you like my joke?									
					This is a blade for a farming machine. I don't make weapons, so come back some other time. Well, I'm busy, so excuse me. Leave when you like.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
173	<Guild Registrar> Guelle		<Guild Registrar> Guelle	100	Hey, what do we have here? The great adventurer. You have my respect. But are you alone? You shouldn't be. Shinewood overflows with the energy of the Elementals, but you shouldn't take this too lightly. Obviously, two is better than one and three is better than two. Don't you want to form a guild? I could introduce you to a good one. Haha.					Hey, what do we have here? The great adventurer. You have my respect. But are you alone? You shouldn't be. Shinewood overflows with the energy of the Elementals, but you shouldn't take this too lightly. Obviously, two is better than one and three is better than two. Don't you want to form a guild? I could introduce you to a good one. Haha.		Hey, what do we have here? The great adventurer. You have my respect. But are you alone? You shouldn't be. Shinewood overflows with the energy of the Elementals, but you shouldn't take this too lightly. Obviously, two is better than one and three is better than two. Don't you want to form a guild? I could introduce you to a good one. Haha.		Hey, what do we have here? The great adventurer. You have my respect. But are you alone? You shouldn't be. Shinewood overflows with the energy of the Elementals, but you shouldn't take this too lightly. Obviously, two is better than one and three is better than two. Don't you want to form a guild? I could introduce you to a good one. Haha.
					It was a long time ago. I once left on an adventure with my colleagues to the desert. We were attacked by monsters just like other adventurers expected. But as soon as we were attacked, the guys who used to laugh and have fun together only seemed to look after themselves. They didn't care about the others and my friends were killed one by one. Thinking of it brings tears to my eyes.				100	It was a long time ago. I once left on an adventure with my colleagues to the desert. We were attacked by monsters just like other adventurers expected. But as soon as we were attacked, the guys who used to laugh and have fun together only seemed to look after themselves. They didn't care about the others and my friends were killed one by one. Thinking of it brings tears to my eyes.	100	It was a long time ago. I once left on an adventure with my colleagues to the desert. We were attacked by monsters just like other adventurers expected. But as soon as we were attacked, the guys who used to laugh and have fun together only seemed to look after themselves. They didn't care about the others and my friends were killed one by one. Thinking of it brings tears to my eyes.	100	It was a long time ago. I once left on an adventure with my colleagues to the desert. We were attacked by monsters just like other adventurers expected. But as soon as we were attacked, the guys who used to laugh and have fun together only seemed to look after themselves. They didn't care about the others and my friends were killed one by one. Thinking of it brings tears to my eyes.
					Leaving on an adventure alone is really foolish. I know many people you could trust, so I suggest you let me introduce you to them.					Leaving on an adventure alone is really foolish. I know many people you could trust, so I suggest you let me introduce you to them.		Leaving on an adventure alone is really foolish. I know many people you could trust, so I suggest you let me introduce you to them.		Leaving on an adventure alone is really foolish. I know many people you could trust, so I suggest you let me introduce you to them.
					You made a great decision to go forward with creating a guild through me. I have a lot of connections. I trust you'll soon find out why you made the right choice.					You made a great decision to go forward with creating a guild through me. I have a lot of connections. I trust you'll soon find out why you made the right choice.		You made a great decision to go forward with creating a guild through me. I have a lot of connections. I trust you'll soon find out why you made the right choice.		You made a great decision to go forward with creating a guild through me. I have a lot of connections. I trust you'll soon find out why you made the right choice.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
174	<Item Trader> Dolly		<Item Trader> Dolly	100	Lalala. What should I have for lunch? Hey, you. Did you see me slacking off? Oh, darn. I usually work very hard. That's why the people call me 'Hard Dolly.' Leave your valuables or money with me and never worry about losing them. I'll gladly keep your belongings, too. Come on already!				100	The traveler who was just here, talked about you.... He said you're a violent one. I didn't believe it, but now that I see you, I just might. If you want to trade items, I can do that. But as soon as we're done, I want you to leave.	100	I won't trade with you, so leave my village.	100	I won't trade with you, so leave my village.
					Have you met Cereserel? She's always being nagged by Lingdin. Of course I don't think she's doing anything wrong, but Cereserel really hates it. I don't care what kind of relationship they have, I just wanted to tell you. Would you like to hear about anything else?									
					I'm 'Hard Dolly.' I haven't done anything bad, but I..I.. like talking to people. I've talked to many people in Ellore and it seems they enjoy talking to me.									
					Cross is really shy, that's why he always has trouble speaking. Lingdin is always preaching to people and Indeed is a very talkative traveler. Guelle is a coward that can't do anything by himself. Hehe, and of course I'm very knowledgeable!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
175	<Alchemist> Romiteus		<Alchemist> Romiteus	100	(Gulp). I smell delicious food on you. Are you carrying food with you? No, I'm not hungry. But, (gulp) travelers are lucky. You get to go to different places and eat great food. I'm thinking about creating delicious food using alchemy. (Gulp). Just thinking about it makes my mouth water.				100	(Gulp). I smell delicious food on you. Are you carrying food with you? No, I'm not hungry. But, (gulp) travelers are lucky. You get to go to different places and eat great food. I'm thinking about creating delicious food using alchemy. (Gulp). Just thinking about it makes my mouth water.	100	(Gulp). I smell delicious food on you. Are you carrying food with you? No, I'm not hungry. But, (gulp) travelers are lucky. You get to go to different places and eat great food. I'm thinking about creating delicious food using alchemy. (Gulp). Just thinking about it makes my mouth water.	100	(Gulp). I smell delicious food on you. Are you carrying food with you? No, I'm not hungry. But, (gulp) travelers are lucky. You get to go to different places and eat great food. I'm thinking about creating delicious food using alchemy. (Gulp). Just thinking about it makes my mouth water.
					Yesterday, I put the dish that Setin made me...... in the alchemy pot. If he finds out, he'll get furious. I don't know what to do. Should I tell him or should I lie? I couldn't sleep because I was so worried.					Yesterday, I put the dish that Setin made me...... in the alchemy pot. If he finds out, he'll get furious. I don't know what to do. Should I tell him or should I lie? I couldn't sleep because I was so worried.		Yesterday, I put the dish that Setin made me...... in the alchemy pot. If he finds out, he'll get furious. I don't know what to do. Should I tell him or should I lie? I couldn't sleep because I was so worried.		Yesterday, I put the dish that Setin made me...... in the alchemy pot. If he finds out, he'll get furious. I don't know what to do. Should I tell him or should I lie? I couldn't sleep because I was so worried.
					Hm. Next, moth larvae...... a piece of a bat's wing...... and a Candle Bear's claw. I'm making an additive that will make any food taste good when added. I've failed until now, but I'm sure I'll succeed today. Hahaha.					Hm. Next, moth larvae...... a piece of a bat's wing...... and a Candle Bear's claw. I'm making an additive that will make any food taste good when added. I've failed until now, but I'm sure I'll succeed today. Hahaha.		Hm. Next, moth larvae...... a piece of a bat's wing...... and a Candle Bear's claw. I'm making an additive that will make any food taste good when added. I've failed until now, but I'm sure I'll succeed today. Hahaha.		Hm. Next, moth larvae...... a piece of a bat's wing...... and a Candle Bear's claw. I'm making an additive that will make any food taste good when added. I've failed until now, but I'm sure I'll succeed today. Hahaha.
					Alchemy is a mysterious form of science that can't be studied by just anyone. It seems that you want to learn it, too, but it won't be easy. Alchemists can see through people. You...... have the word 'impossible' written on your face.					Alchemy is a mysterious form of science that can't be studied by just anyone. It seems that you want to learn it, too, but it won't be easy. Alchemists can see through people. You...... have the word 'impossible' written on your face.		Alchemy is a mysterious form of science that can't be studied by just anyone. It seems that you want to learn it, too, but it won't be easy. Alchemists can see through people. You...... have the word 'impossible' written on your face.		Alchemy is a mysterious form of science that can't be studied by just anyone. It seems that you want to learn it, too, but it won't be easy. Alchemists can see through people. You...... have the word 'impossible' written on your face.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
176	<Cook> Setin		<Cook> Setin	100	You must be a traveler. They sometimes think Cooks are nobodies, but everyone needs food, don't they? While you're in Shinewood, let me teach you how to cook, it'll be quite useful. I enjoy teaching so I'd be glad to help.				100	You must be a traveler. They sometimes think Cooks are nobodies, but everyone needs food, don't they? While you're in Shinewood, let me teach you how to cook, it'll be quite useful. I enjoy teaching so I'd be glad to help.	100	You must be a traveler. They sometimes think Cooks are nobodies, but everyone needs food, don't they? While you're in Shinewood, let me teach you how to cook, it'll be quite useful. I enjoy teaching so I'd be glad to help.	100	You must be a traveler. They sometimes think Cooks are nobodies, but everyone needs food, don't they? While you're in Shinewood, let me teach you how to cook, it'll be quite useful. I enjoy teaching so I'd be glad to help.
					Being a cook is quite fun although teaching others my recipes is even more fun. But when I teach them over and over and they still don't get it right, it does disappoint me a bit.					Being a cook is quite fun although teaching others my recipes is even more fun. But when I teach them over and over and they still don't get it right, it does disappoint me a bit.		Being a cook is quite fun although teaching others my recipes is even more fun. But when I teach them over and over and they still don't get it right, it does disappoint me a bit.		Being a cook is quite fun although teaching others my recipes is even more fun. But when I teach them over and over and they still don't get it right, it does disappoint me a bit.
					Romiteus is a good friend of mine. He always enjoys the food I make. Even when I mess up or cook something for the first time, he says it's good. That's why I'd like to be close friends with him for a long time.					Romiteus is a good friend of mine. He always enjoys the food I make. Even when I mess up or cook something for the first time, he says it's good. That's why I'd like to be close friends with him for a long time.		Romiteus is a good friend of mine. He always enjoys the food I make. Even when I mess up or cook something for the first time, he says it's good. That's why I'd like to be close friends with him for a long time.		Romiteus is a good friend of mine. He always enjoys the food I make. Even when I mess up or cook something for the first time, he says it's good. That's why I'd like to be close friends with him for a long time.
					Lalala~ Lalala~ Uh, wait a minute. I'm cooking a dish. I'm sorry, but you're getting in the way. I'll be finished soon, so I'll see you again a little later.					Lalala~ Lalala~ Uh, wait a minute. I'm cooking a dish. I'm sorry, but you're getting in the way. I'll be finished soon, so I'll see you again a little later.		Lalala~ Lalala~ Uh, wait a minute. I'm cooking a dish. I'm sorry, but you're getting in the way. I'll be finished soon, so I'll see you again a little later.		Lalala~ Lalala~ Uh, wait a minute. I'm cooking a dish. I'm sorry, but you're getting in the way. I'll be finished soon, so I'll see you again a little later.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
177	<Adventurer> Indee		<Adventurer> Indee	100	Oh, you're a traveler. Have you eaten? Was your adventure fun? Traveling is just like life. If it's not fun, it's no good. Adventures should be fun. When I used to travel often, there was nothing I couldn't do. Even now, I can say I was quite an active traveler.				100	Oh, you're a traveler. Have you eaten? Was your adventure fun? Traveling is just like life. If it's not fun, it's no good. Adventures should be fun. When I used to travel often, there was nothing I couldn't do. Even now, I can say I was quite an active traveler.	100	Oh, you're a traveler. Have you eaten? Was your adventure fun? Traveling is just like life. If it's not fun, it's no good. Adventures should be fun. When I used to travel often, there was nothing I couldn't do. Even now, I can say I was quite an active traveler.	100	Oh, you're a traveler. Have you eaten? Was your adventure fun? Traveling is just like life. If it's not fun, it's no good. Adventures should be fun. When I used to travel often, there was nothing I couldn't do. Even now, I can say I was quite an active traveler.
					Recently, I went on an adventure to Nordenland. I heard it was a dangerous place, and that made me want to go even more. I had big expectations when I left...... but I ended up getting hurt. That's why I'm taking time off now. But when I get better, I'll head to Nordenland again.					Recently, I went on an adventure to Nordenland. I heard it was a dangerous place, and that made me want to go even more. I had big expectations when I left...... but I ended up getting hurt. That's why I'm taking time off now. But when I get better, I'll head to Nordenland again.		Recently, I went on an adventure to Nordenland. I heard it was a dangerous place, and that made me want to go even more. I had big expectations when I left...... but I ended up getting hurt. That's why I'm taking time off now. But when I get better, I'll head to Nordenland again.		Recently, I went on an adventure to Nordenland. I heard it was a dangerous place, and that made me want to go even more. I had big expectations when I left...... but I ended up getting hurt. That's why I'm taking time off now. But when I get better, I'll head to Nordenland again.
					Going on an adventure is basically challenging yourself. There are numerous difficulties and they don't stop. But when you overcome them, the feeling is simply indescribable. That's why I can't stop going on adventures.					Going on an adventure is basically challenging yourself. There are numerous difficulties and they don't stop. But when you overcome them, the feeling is simply indescribable. That's why I can't stop going on adventures.		Going on an adventure is basically challenging yourself. There are numerous difficulties and they don't stop. But when you overcome them, the feeling is simply indescribable. That's why I can't stop going on adventures.		Going on an adventure is basically challenging yourself. There are numerous difficulties and they don't stop. But when you overcome them, the feeling is simply indescribable. That's why I can't stop going on adventures.
					Girin is a good woman. I've come to that conclusion after observing her teaching me how to speak. Does it show that my speaking abilities have become better because of her? I like her, but it frustrates me because she doesn't like adventures. I really can't give up either of them up.					Girin is a good woman. I've come to that conclusion after observing her teaching me how to speak. Does it show that my speaking abilities have become better because of her? I like her, but it frustrates me because she doesn't like adventures. I really can't give up either of them up.		Girin is a good woman. I've come to that conclusion after observing her teaching me how to speak. Does it show that my speaking abilities have become better because of her? I like her, but it frustrates me because she doesn't like adventures. I really can't give up either of them up.		Girin is a good woman. I've come to that conclusion after observing her teaching me how to speak. Does it show that my speaking abilities have become better because of her? I like her, but it frustrates me because she doesn't like adventures. I really can't give up either of them up.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
178	<Elder> Mybling		<Elder> Mybling	100	Welcome! Come rest in the shade and enjoy the Shinewood air. I hope you won't feel uncomfortable next to me. I may be old, but I'm not considered an elder because I'm inexperienced and don't know all that much. I do like to help out when I can though. How about you? Do you have any information you need from me?				100	Welcome! Come rest in the shade and enjoy the Shinewood air. I hope you won't feel uncomfortable next to me. I may be old, but I'm not considered an elder because I'm inexperienced and don't know all that much. I do like to help out when I can though. How about you? Do you have any information you need from me?	100	Welcome! Come rest in the shade and enjoy the Shinewood air. I hope you won't feel uncomfortable next to me. I may be old, but I'm not considered an elder because I'm inexperienced and don't know all that much. I do like to help out when I can though. How about you? Do you have any information you need from me?	100	Welcome! Come rest in the shade and enjoy the Shinewood air. I hope you won't feel uncomfortable next to me. I may be old, but I'm not considered an elder because I'm inexperienced and don't know all that much. I do like to help out when I can though. How about you? Do you have any information you need from me?
					Elemental Tree, Le Sidul, sometimes sprinkles a sparkling powder. I heard it makes you feel better and cures illnesses when it falls on you. The people of Ellore call it Le Sidul's Sap, but I don't know exactly when it's sprinkled. I'm sure it will attract all sorts of patients trying to cure their fatal diseases.					Elemental Tree, Le Sidul, sometimes sprinkles a sparkling powder. I heard it makes you feel better and cures illnesses when it falls on you. The people of Ellore call it Le Sidul's Sap, but I don't know exactly when it's sprinkled. I'm sure it will attract all sorts of patients trying to cure their fatal diseases.		Elemental Tree, Le Sidul, sometimes sprinkles a sparkling powder. I heard it makes you feel better and cures illnesses when it falls on you. The people of Ellore call it Le Sidul's Sap, but I don't know exactly when it's sprinkled. I'm sure it will attract all sorts of patients trying to cure their fatal diseases.		Elemental Tree, Le Sidul, sometimes sprinkles a sparkling powder. I heard it makes you feel better and cures illnesses when it falls on you. The people of Ellore call it Le Sidul's Sap, but I don't know exactly when it's sprinkled. I'm sure it will attract all sorts of patients trying to cure their fatal diseases.
					I feel very refreshed every morning when I stand still and closely listen to the sounds of the woods. Busy travelers like you need to spend time like this here in Ellore even if it's just for a little while. After all, what's most important is for your soul to find peace.					I feel very refreshed every morning when I stand still and closely listen to the sounds of the woods. Busy travelers like you need to spend time like this here in Ellore even if it's just for a little while. After all, what's most important is for your soul to find peace.		I feel very refreshed every morning when I stand still and closely listen to the sounds of the woods. Busy travelers like you need to spend time like this here in Ellore even if it's just for a little while. After all, what's most important is for your soul to find peace.		I feel very refreshed every morning when I stand still and closely listen to the sounds of the woods. Busy travelers like you need to spend time like this here in Ellore even if it's just for a little while. After all, what's most important is for your soul to find peace.
					Will Shinewood be under the protection of the Elementals forever? I don't think so. If we don't perform our duties, the Elementals will leave us. By duties, I mean taking care of Shinewood according to their wishes. I don't think I'm jumping to conclusions.					Will Shinewood be under the protection of the Elementals forever? I don't think so. If we don't perform our duties, the Elementals will leave us. By duties, I mean taking care of Shinewood according to their wishes. I don't think I'm jumping to conclusions.		Will Shinewood be under the protection of the Elementals forever? I don't think so. If we don't perform our duties, the Elementals will leave us. By duties, I mean taking care of Shinewood according to their wishes. I don't think I'm jumping to conclusions.		Will Shinewood be under the protection of the Elementals forever? I don't think so. If we don't perform our duties, the Elementals will leave us. By duties, I mean taking care of Shinewood according to their wishes. I don't think I'm jumping to conclusions.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
179	<Mysterious Knight> Cypher		<Mysterious Knight> Cypher	100	My name is Cypher and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	Do you know about the Archlord? He's the almighty power that exists only in Chantra. He was bestowed with enormous power that the Elementals created in the underworld. Only one person can be given command in Chantra under the Archlord's name. Thousands of years have passed and it's time for that force to reemerge!	3	10	100	My name is Cypher and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	100	My name is Cypher and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	100	My name is Cypher and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.
					We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.	There are 5 Archons in this world. You can be the Archlord only when you find all of these Archons, so naturally there is a lot of competition.	3	10		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.
					We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.	The reemergence of the Archons may be a coincidence, but it is inevitable. In the beginning, Humans and Orcs met in a desert. Nathan and Walcurae acquired the Archon of Fire and the Archon of Earth. These became the keys that called the Archlord back into this world.	3	10		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.
					Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.	I'm going to tell you of the epic stories of heroes from a 100 years ago... about the Human Zian Manas and the Orc Ugdrasil. Their violent battle brought temporary peace to this world. Intriguing, huh? Zian says he fought to defeat the Orcs and rescue Tullan. However, they were the reason the generations after fell into chaos.	3	10		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.
						A year ago, Usus, the Orc, attacked Tullan. He believed that the Archons were inside the castle there and tried to attack it. There are others who still believe what Usus did was wrong.	3	10						
						The Archons need a master. Even if someone finds the five Archons by luck, none of them will display their power unless the finder is worthy. The Archons will just remain useless rocks or gems.	3	10						
						The Elementals rejected the birth of the Archons and expelled the Archlord from Chantra. But now, the Elementals acknowledge the Archons and await the birth of the Archlord. They know that there will come a time when the birth of the Archlord is essential. But that time should never come......	3	10						
						The world is made of light and darkness. There's day and night. There's good and evil. There are the forces of the four main Elementals and there are Elementals who wish to destroy the world. But there are no records of this, not even in the records of the Elementals. Limited knowledge is not good.	3	10						
						Elemental Stones may be refined by being put through the Elemental Stone Refinery. When refined, the stone's degree of purity will increase and it will become stronger. But is that all? I hear there are more powerful effects. Travelers should find this out for themselves.	3	10						
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
180	<Traveler> Gyslot		<Traveler> Gyslot	100	Man, what do you want from me? We're both just travelers, aren't we? Does something interest you? I'm wearing lots of armor, but so are you. Bumping into each other like this doesn't do us any good. So I'd suggest you just leave now, or else.				100	Man, what do you want from me? We're both just travelers, aren't we? Does something interest you? I'm wearing lots of armor, but so are you. Bumping into each other like this doesn't do us any good. So I'd suggest you just leave now, or else.	100	Man, what do you want from me? We're both just travelers, aren't we? Does something interest you? I'm wearing lots of armor, but so are you. Bumping into each other like this doesn't do us any good. So I'd suggest you just leave now, or else.	100	Man, what do you want from me? We're both just travelers, aren't we? Does something interest you? I'm wearing lots of armor, but so are you. Bumping into each other like this doesn't do us any good. So I'd suggest you just leave now, or else.
					Haven't we met somewhere before? You look really familiar to me. I especially remember those who fled when they owed me money or hit me on the back of the head while on the hunting grounds. Have you really never see me before? I have a bad image of you for some reason. Well, I'll be watching from here.					Haven't we met somewhere before? You look really familiar to me. I especially remember those who fled when they owed me money or hit me on the back of the head while on the hunting grounds. Have you really never see me before? I have a bad image of you for some reason. Well, I'll be watching from here.		Haven't we met somewhere before? You look really familiar to me. I especially remember those who fled when they owed me money or hit me on the back of the head while on the hunting grounds. Have you really never see me before? I have a bad image of you for some reason. Well, I'll be watching from here.		Haven't we met somewhere before? You look really familiar to me. I especially remember those who fled when they owed me money or hit me on the back of the head while on the hunting grounds. Have you really never see me before? I have a bad image of you for some reason. Well, I'll be watching from here.
					Sometimes weak, half-witted travelers give us all a bad name. Weak sorts like them might fall prey to beasts in the field. Do what ever you have to in order to survive. That's my motto.					Sometimes weak, half-witted travelers give us all a bad name. Weak sorts like them might fall prey to beasts in the field. Do what ever you have to in order to survive. That's my motto.		Sometimes weak, half-witted travelers give us all a bad name. Weak sorts like them might fall prey to beasts in the field. Do what ever you have to in order to survive. That's my motto.		Sometimes weak, half-witted travelers give us all a bad name. Weak sorts like them might fall prey to beasts in the field. Do what ever you have to in order to survive. That's my motto.
					Many are in pursuit of the Archons, but their efforts are useless. The Archons, of course, will all be mine and I'll become the Archlord. Why? It's obvious. I'm not like the weak travelers all around. There is no comparison. So why don't you give up your pursuit and become one of my men?					Many are in pursuit of the Archons, but their efforts are useless. The Archons, of course, will all be mine and I'll become the Archlord. Why? It's obvious. I'm not like the weak travelers all around. There is no comparison. So why don't you give up your pursuit and become one of my men?		Many are in pursuit of the Archons, but their efforts are useless. The Archons, of course, will all be mine and I'll become the Archlord. Why? It's obvious. I'm not like the weak travelers all around. There is no comparison. So why don't you give up your pursuit and become one of my men?		Many are in pursuit of the Archons, but their efforts are useless. The Archons, of course, will all be mine and I'll become the Archlord. Why? It's obvious. I'm not like the weak travelers all around. There is no comparison. So why don't you give up your pursuit and become one of my men?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
181	<Traveler> Elba		<Traveler> Elba	100	Whoa! My heart beats whenever I see travelers like you. I wonder if you're a bandit like Gyslot. Have you met him? He's not so much a traveler, but a...clown that does dangerous things, putting his life on the line.				100	Whoa! My heart beats whenever I see travelers like you. I wonder if you're a bandit like Gyslot. Have you met him? He's not so much a traveler, but a...clown that does dangerous things, putting his life on the line.	100	Whoa! My heart beats whenever I see travelers like you. I wonder if you're a bandit like Gyslot. Have you met him? He's not so much a traveler, but a...clown that does dangerous things, putting his life on the line.	100	Whoa! My heart beats whenever I see travelers like you. I wonder if you're a bandit like Gyslot. Have you met him? He's not so much a traveler, but a...clown that does dangerous things, putting his life on the line.
					Have you come all the way here in search of the legend of the Archlord? I've heard about the rumor, but strictly avoid such pursuers with fear. I'm a traveler, but I'm not one of those rough ones who mainly engages in battle.					Have you come all the way here in search of the legend of the Archlord? I've heard about the rumor, but strictly avoid such pursuers with fear. I'm a traveler, but I'm not one of those rough ones who mainly engages in battle.		Have you come all the way here in search of the legend of the Archlord? I've heard about the rumor, but strictly avoid such pursuers with fear. I'm a traveler, but I'm not one of those rough ones who mainly engages in battle.		Have you come all the way here in search of the legend of the Archlord? I've heard about the rumor, but strictly avoid such pursuers with fear. I'm a traveler, but I'm not one of those rough ones who mainly engages in battle.
					I came to Ellore to let my weakened heart rest. It's such a nice place here that I've actually never considered leaving. I should really travel out to the desert. I might die here as Elba a resident of Ellore, not Elba the great adventurer... I guess that wouldn't be so bad.					I came to Ellore to let my weakened heart rest. It's such a nice place here that I've actually never considered leaving. I should really travel out to the desert. I might die here as Elba a resident of Ellore, not Elba the great adventurer... I guess that wouldn't be so bad.		I came to Ellore to let my weakened heart rest. It's such a nice place here that I've actually never considered leaving. I should really travel out to the desert. I might die here as Elba a resident of Ellore, not Elba the great adventurer... I guess that wouldn't be so bad.		I came to Ellore to let my weakened heart rest. It's such a nice place here that I've actually never considered leaving. I should really travel out to the desert. I might die here as Elba a resident of Ellore, not Elba the great adventurer... I guess that wouldn't be so bad.
					Isn't it amazing that Shinewood glows with the green forests when neighboring Silancium is barren? I really believe it's because of the Elementals. They do things we weaklings can't. Praise the power of the Elementals!					Isn't it amazing that Shinewood glows with the green forests when neighboring Silancium is barren? I really believe it's because of the Elementals. They do things we weaklings can't. Praise the power of the Elementals!		Isn't it amazing that Shinewood glows with the green forests when neighboring Silancium is barren? I really believe it's because of the Elementals. They do things we weaklings can't. Praise the power of the Elementals!		Isn't it amazing that Shinewood glows with the green forests when neighboring Silancium is barren? I really believe it's because of the Elementals. They do things we weaklings can't. Praise the power of the Elementals!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
182	<Pharmacist> Amund		<Pharmacist> Amund	100	Hm... You're a traveler. You travelers remind me of a medicine. I can't remember the name of it though! Drink it and you can walk for days because you don't feel sleepy. But it doesn't make you stronger; you still need to rest every now and then. But by itself, it makes a good potion.				100	Hm... You're a traveler. You travelers remind me of a medicine. I can't remember the name of it though! Drink it and you can walk for days because you don't feel sleepy. But it doesn't make you stronger; you still need to rest every now and then. But by itself, it makes a good potion.	100	Hm... You're a traveler. You travelers remind me of a medicine. I can't remember the name of it though! Drink it and you can walk for days because you don't feel sleepy. But it doesn't make you stronger; you still need to rest every now and then. But by itself, it makes a good potion.	100	Hm... You're a traveler. You travelers remind me of a medicine. I can't remember the name of it though! Drink it and you can walk for days because you don't feel sleepy. But it doesn't make you stronger; you still need to rest every now and then. But by itself, it makes a good potion.
					So...just like the clouds float...in the blue sky, we travelers wander about. It doesn't matter. You, me. We're all travelers. Could I be alone...for a while?					So...just like the clouds float...in the blue sky, we travelers wander about. It doesn't matter. You, me. We're all travelers. Could I be alone...for a while?		So...just like the clouds float...in the blue sky, we travelers wander about. It doesn't matter. You, me. We're all travelers. Could I be alone...for a while?		So...just like the clouds float...in the blue sky, we travelers wander about. It doesn't matter. You, me. We're all travelers. Could I be alone...for a while?
					W..what are you doing?! I'm delicately preparing a medicine. D..don't disturb m..me!					W..what are you doing?! I'm delicately preparing a medicine. D..don't disturb m..me!		W..what are you doing?! I'm delicately preparing a medicine. D..don't disturb m..me!		W..what are you doing?! I'm delicately preparing a medicine. D..don't disturb m..me!
					Ellore is a good place for researching and producing medicine. Yes, it's perfect!					Ellore is a good place for researching and producing medicine. Yes, it's perfect!		Ellore is a good place for researching and producing medicine. Yes, it's perfect!		Ellore is a good place for researching and producing medicine. Yes, it's perfect!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
183	<Merchant> Kuro		<Merchant> Kuro	100	What are you looking at? Leave if you don't want to buy anything from me. Stop hassling me. Why do you care what kind of merchandise I sell? Huh? So there are many bad rumors going around about me. Well, I don't care.				100	I won't ask what you did. Just buy whatever you need.	100	I don't know what you heard, but I won't sell anything to you.	100	I don't know what you heard, but I won't sell anything to you.
					I feel like I've seen you before. The goal of us merchants is, of course, to make a profit. That's why, if possible, we buy things at a bargain and sell them for a lot more. But it doesn't mean you can sell low-quality merchandise or raise your prices too high. That'd chase away the customers.									
					If I don't have it, then you won't find it in Zylok. It's because almost all merchandise goes through my shop. If there's something special you need, I'll get it for you. Of course it'll cost you, though.									
					Good, virtuous deeds are only for those who can afford them. You can't convince me. There are only two ways to live this world. Either well or not at all. Got it, you stupid traveler?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
184	<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Skita		<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Skita	100	I'm Skita, a warrior weapons merchant. The only way you can understand the true value of my weapons is to try them. Are you going to buy one? Why don't I try this one on your throat?! Hehe! I'm just joking. Most of my customers are rough lads who tend to like such jokes. But you're no fun.				100	My weapons are the best, but if you use them... they would lose value.... Eh? I'm being too harsh? Well... It seems like you don't get my joke. You're the worst.... You hurt other people, and don't have a sense of humor....	100	Ah... I'm on my way to have a drink, so don't bother me.	100	Ah... I'm on my way to have a drink, so don't bother me.
					Wherever there's cold beer, Skita's there! Have you ever heard of that before? No? Then you must be a novice traveler.									
					Going on adventures with my good old stupid friend Peabay was always enjoyable but this isn't so bad.									
					I was disturbed when I heard that there was an Elf disguised as an Orc somewhere in Zylok. Honestly, we can't be friends with Elves. There's really no reason. But why do Orcs need a reason to hate Elves? We just do!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
185	<Warrior Armor Merchant> Peabay		<Warrior Armor Merchant> Peabay	100	Skita's weapons are pretty poor. They could never make a scratch on my armor. Hey, buy armor from me and your life will change. Really! But if it does, you still won't be able to end our friendship!				100	You... Do you want to buy armor? Your life will change if you buy armor from me, Peabay. But first you should go and see the Pardoner.	100	Don't bother me. Just go.	100	Don't bother me. Just go.
					Those passing through Zylok are all attracted by the grave atmosphere. It seems the longer you stay, the more attached you become. Oh, is it obvious? Well yeah, those who don't like this place do choose to leave right away... and I guess those people make up the majority.									
					I don't take big risks, but I hope you don't think I'm a coward. Haha! It's just that there's nothing to gain if I get in a fight where I have almost no chance of winning. It's just foolish. But that's why I'm still alive.									
					My head feels a little heavy. It must be from the drinks I had earlier today. Stop bothering me and hurry up and make your choice. Skita always disappears when I drink. Come on. Hurry up and get out of here. What a nuisance.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
186	<Archer Weapons Merchant> Shakran		<Archer Weapons Merchant> Shakran	100	I'm Shakran and I sell weapons to all archers. Buy one of my weapons and you'll end up saving your arrows because you'll rarely miss. Haha!				100	I sell weapons to all archers. But I'm undecided whether to sell to you or not. You know why I'm saying that, right? If you do, go and see the Pardoner.	100	I don't sell weapons, so get out of my sight!	100	I don't sell weapons, so get out of my sight!
					Actually, I make all the weapons I sell. It's not easy, but I just can't trust the ones others make. Don't you agree? Pull on the bowstring and you'll feel the difference between my bows and those made by others.									
					I once heard about Elves from some adventurer. He told me they use their own hair for bowstrings on their own bows. I can't help but like them when I hear such stories. You're not thinking of making a bow the same way, are you?									
					Making a bow is more complex and difficult than you think. Don't assume that it's easily made from a piece of wood. The same for the arrow. I'll give you a chance to see me make one sometime.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
187	<Archer Armor Merchant> Balakas		<Archer Armor Merchant> Balakas	100	I don't waste time. I only deal with those who are here to buy armor. If you're going to buy something, I'd be happy to serve you. But if not, then that's it. No business between us.				100	I could sell items to you if you gave me money, but I don't like you. Just remember, I'm only selling you items because you give me money. Don't you know why I keep saying that?	100	I refuse to deal with you, so go somewhere else.	100	I refuse to deal with you, so go somewhere else.
					I'm sure everyone likes money. But I've never seen people so focused on earning it as they are here. Of course, I love money as well. I think the grim atmosphere here makes everyone greedy. You might become like that, too.									
					Have you ever heard of the legendary armor 'Dragon Scale'? I actually opened my armor shop in the hope to one day find it. But I have yet to locate it because it's so rare. If you know anything about it, please don't hesitate to tell me.									
					Sturdiness is all that's needed in a warrior's armor. But an archer's armor must be sturdy and allow for swift and easy movement, especially when shooting. Of course, the best armor is the Dragon Scale. But at this rate, I'll never see it in my lifetime.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
188	<Magic Weapons Merchant> Juwan		<Magic Weapons Merchant> Juwan	100	My name is Juwan. I'm a close friend to those who practice magic, but a feared ruler to others. My hobby is to administer unbearable pain to those who undermine my power. What about you? Afraid of me now?				100	I like hurting those who defy stronger ones. But I also enjoy teaching those like you a lesson. You want to buy weapons from me? Hmm... You need to know how good the weapons are, so how about I demonstrate for you?	100	If you don't want anything from me, please be on your way. Otherwise I'll show you the true meaning of pain with my magic.	100	If you don't want anything from me, please be on your way. Otherwise I'll show you the true meaning of pain with my magic.
					The reason I'm looking around Zylok is to find a special friend. Have you seen a wandering Elf? Or have you ever met someone by the name of Lorence? Lorence the Elf? He's my better half that I've been looking all over for. Please tell me if you've seen him.									
					My pain grows bigger because my time is unlimited. All things must have a limit in order to shine. Nothing shines for eternity. I don't know when's the last time I gave my everything. Oh, what am I saying?									
					Since I came here, numerous memories I have of Lorence keep recurring. I feel as though he's somewhere nearby. Wherever he is and no matter what he's doing, I'll love him forever. Yes, I am an Elf who doesn't regret the choices she has made.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
189	<Magic Armor Merchant> Quentin		<Magic Armor Merchant> Quentin	100	Anyone in Zylok who isn't working won't survive. Laziness is unacceptable here and I work hard to make a living. If I didn't, I'd have to leave this place, but there's a reason why I can't.				100	And I thought I was unhappy because of the curse.... But my life is still better than yours. I feel better about myself when I see someone like you, killing at random.... What do you want in our village?	100	You don't need to buy anything, just leave this village!	100	You don't need to buy anything, just leave this village!
					Travelers always seem to hang around Juwan. I hate that. She's not just some girl that easily attracts losers like them. Well... If I weren't like this, I'd... Mmm...pretend you didn't hear that. It's not important.									
					I'm actually not an Orc. I used to be a brilliant Elf. But I became like this because of the Orc Sorcerer. When will I get my old appearance back? Who knows.									
					After a long journey, I finally met the Orc Sorcerer who had put this curse on me, but as I expected, he refused my request. Tears fell from my eyes, but when I opened my eyes, I realized it was just a dream, but I was really crying. I don't know how many times I've had those nightmares.									
					Ahhh. Today is a beautiful day. It would be great to go and visit a lake or something on a day like this. But she's not here. So much time has passed, I hope she has forgotten me and met someone new.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
190	<Warrior Trainer> Nuendo		<Warrior Trainer> Nuendo	100	Your eyes have the look of a real traveler. I don't know what brings you to Zylok, but I hope it's for you to learn new skills. I still have a lot to learn, but I'll give you what help I can.				100	The only think you want is destruction. If you're here because you heard that I'm the "Dragon Slayer," please go elsewhere. I can't teach you any skills. You'll have to pay a lot to learn skills.	100	I have no skills to teach you.	100	I have no skills to teach you.
					I know this is out of the blue, but what do you think your true strength is? When you're young, you tend to think destruction is everything. You don't pay heed to other things and instead just move forward. But with experience, you begin to realize that it's about none of these and instead about the struggle within yourself.									
					Everyone wants to become powerful, but I'm sure no one has ever experienced real power. They just have a distant hope to become powerful. Try a little harder and think about what level you can advance to. Then increase that level and someday you'll find out what real strength is.									
					I'm not a dragon slayer. It's just a rumor. Yeah, I talked too much. Let's start training you to become a warrior.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
191	<Archer Trainer> Moto		<Archer Trainer> Moto	100	Is traveling what you do best? I'm pretty good at teaching others my skills. I don't think I'm a good archer, but I do enjoy teaching and I know I'm good at it. Relying on your skills alone won't work. There might be something you could learn from me if you want.				100	It's true that I like teaching. But teaching you seems to be a lost cause. Do you still want to learn a skill? Then I'll teach you.... But don't think that I enjoy it.	100	I cannot teach you.	100	I cannot teach you.
					Traveling and archery are similar in some respects. Sometimes there's a lot of tension, but when you loosen up, you're able to go anywhere. When you become tense, you mature and discover a bigger world. My methods of teaching are the same, if you wish to learn a skill that will let you experience more freedom.									
					Senses and luck offer something that can't be learned just from training. I don't know what it is, but I think that it's more important to rely on your senses than to train until you drop.									
					Unlike me, most of my friends like to have fun. So that's why I have a better relationship with Elves, who taught me about bows. You might think it's weird that I'm close with Elves. But I like them.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
192	<Magic Trainer> Telecaster		<Magic Trainer> Telecaster	100	I have a real name, but I'm embarrassed to say it. That's why I'm known by an alias. That way, I won't be creating any trouble for my ancestors. Everyone says my magic skills are very fast, but anyone can do that with some training and that includes you. Would you like me to teach you?				100	Are you here to learn magic from me? I'm scared you might use my teachings to hurt others. You shouldn't be here. Go to the Pardoner. If you try hard to improve, I might be willing to teach you magic.	100	I'm sorry, but I'm not in the mood to talk.	100	I'm sorry, but I'm not in the mood to talk.
					Quite a few of those who've learned from me are currently doing quite well. But they were naturally talented, so I just showed them the way. My skill is nothing special. But I continue doing this because there are those who seek my services.									
					I just can't remember where I put the medium for the magic that we're supposed to practice today. I've become quite forgetful these days. But I never forget who, with what kind of magic and when I'm supposed to teach, so don't worry. I'll definitely teach you my magic.									
					I'm not as great a sorcerer as people think I am. I'm simply a little faster than most. But such a small difference ends up becoming significant. If you start training with me though, you can catch up quickly.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
193	<Safe Keeper> Kellog		<Safe Keeper> Kellog	100	There are lots of thieves and suspicious people in Zylok, so I recommend you keep your valuables with me. You can trust that I have a good reputation, otherwise I never would've managed to keep my job as long as this.				100	You're not here empty handed, are you? If one like you wanted to use storage, you should've at least brought food as sign of goodwill. Seriously...	100	Do you need anything? You're not actually trying to leave your items here, are you?	100	Do you need anything? You're not actually trying to leave your items here, are you?
					Just to let you know, I tend to pay a little more attention to things that belong to those who bring me delicious food every now and then. Some think that I shouldn't be so easily persuaded by such little things. But I like it and that's my choice.									
					(Gulp) Wait. Let me just finish eating this before I sort your things out. Oh, don't get angry. I'll be right back. It seems you've brought something valuable this time. I'll store it for you in a moment.									
					No one's bringing me any food today. It's unusual. I don't feel so good. Don't forget to prepare some dishes for me next time.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
194	<Blacksmith> Falcon		<Blacksmith> Falcon	100	My hammer is used to make swords and spears that are used on the battlefield. I'll stake my name and make your weapon the most powerful. Is there something you'd like from me?				100	If you pay me enough, I can fix your weapons. But I don't really want to. Well, I said to enjoy life. But the way you enjoy it doesn't seem right to me.	100	I'm good, but there's nothing I can show you!	100	I'm good, but there's nothing I can show you!
					Young travelers these days are so wild, plus they always try to avoid paying me! I used to be a traveler myself, so I do understand a bit but it's getting worse these days! Wherever you go, you'll meet youngsters like this. Geez! So what is it you need from me?									
					I don't want to confront Kuro, why is he always so frustrated? If you meet him, you'll understand what I'm talking about but if you're just like him, don't even talk to me. Life is too short to be frowning all the time. Enjoy traveling! Enjoy life!									
					A blacksmith is a really attractive job. I think my grandfather's grandfather's grandfather's grandfather made the right choice. I can make anything I want. Hahahaha!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
195	<Guild Registrar> Jean Kiev		<Guild Registrar> Jean Kiev	100	Uh... I can't stress the importance of a guild enough. It's just too dangerous to roam around alone when there are so many bad people out there. Let me help you form a guild. I'll help you to find some connections.					Uh... I can't stress the importance of a guild enough. It's just too dangerous to roam around alone when there are so many bad people out there. Let me help you form a guild. I'll help you to find some connections.		Uh... I can't stress the importance of a guild enough. It's just too dangerous to roam around alone when there are so many bad people out there. Let me help you form a guild. I'll help you to find some connections.		Uh... I can't stress the importance of a guild enough. It's just too dangerous to roam around alone when there are so many bad people out there. Let me help you form a guild. I'll help you to find some connections.
					Caster, my master, always used to say that the little differences can make a big difference. He's right. Two is better than one and three is better than two. The more people, the bigger the difference. Isn't that right? Do you understand?					Caster, my master, always used to say that the little differences can make a big difference. He's right. Two is better than one and three is better than two. The more people, the bigger the difference. Isn't that right? Do you understand?		Caster, my master, always used to say that the little differences can make a big difference. He's right. Two is better than one and three is better than two. The more people, the bigger the difference. Isn't that right? Do you understand?		Caster, my master, always used to say that the little differences can make a big difference. He's right. Two is better than one and three is better than two. The more people, the bigger the difference. Isn't that right? Do you understand?
					I wonder if anyone can help you as much as I can. I could help you travel safely and far...then sign this document first. I'll take care of the rest.					I wonder if anyone can help you as much as I can. I could help you travel safely and far...then sign this document first. I'll take care of the rest.		I wonder if anyone can help you as much as I can. I could help you travel safely and far...then sign this document first. I'll take care of the rest.		I wonder if anyone can help you as much as I can. I could help you travel safely and far...then sign this document first. I'll take care of the rest.
					If you've come to me in search of endless thrills and dangerous adventures, then you've come to the right place! I can lead you in that direction. Yes. Just trust me and wait. I'll be able to help you do as you please. And don't forget to sign these documents. What? You're not interested? It can't be...				100	If you've come to me in search of endless thrills and dangerous adventures, then you've come to the right place! I can lead you in that direction. Yes. Just trust me and wait. I'll be able to help you do as you please. And don't forget to sign these documents. What? You're not interested? It can't be...	100	If you've come to me in search of endless thrills and dangerous adventures, then you've come to the right place! I can lead you in that direction. Yes. Just trust me and wait. I'll be able to help you do as you please. And don't forget to sign these documents. What? You're not interested? It can't be...	100	If you've come to me in search of endless thrills and dangerous adventures, then you've come to the right place! I can lead you in that direction. Yes. Just trust me and wait. I'll be able to help you do as you please. And don't forget to sign these documents. What? You're not interested? It can't be...
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
196	<Item Trader> Seena		<Item Trader> Seena	100	There's not much in this village, but I still work as an item trader here. I'll be recognized for being a trail blazer in such barren lands. I'm different from people like you.				100	As founder of this village, I can tell you that I don't like having you here. I don't have a choice but to help you trade items. But please leave our village when you're done.	100	Leave the village!	100	Leave the village!
					Too good to throw away, but not good enough to use. You know things like that? Well, bring them to me and I'll give you a good price. Also, I don't handle stolen goods, so don't worry about that. I'm not foolish like he is. I'm Seena, the best item trader you'll find.									
					There aren't as many adventurers these days as I thought there were. But I'll be remembered for pioneering through such barren lands. Well, that's not enough, but I'll still push forward to secure my legacy in the future.									
					If there's anything you need to know, just ask me. I know I know more than you. I can even find out what just happened in Trilgard. Now you'll believe that I know everything, won't you?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
197	<Alchemist> Deathnote		<Alchemist> Deathnote	100	I'm Deathnote and I sing about death. Alchemists can hold both life and death in their hands. No traveler can avoid fate. An endless curse will be cast upon those who try to run from me.				100	I'm Deathnote and I sing about death. Alchemists can hold both life and death in their hands. No traveler can avoid fate. An endless curse will be cast upon those who try to run from me.	100	I'm Deathnote and I sing about death. Alchemists can hold both life and death in their hands. No traveler can avoid fate. An endless curse will be cast upon those who try to run from me.	100	I'm Deathnote and I sing about death. Alchemists can hold both life and death in their hands. No traveler can avoid fate. An endless curse will be cast upon those who try to run from me.
					All my life, I've been researching how to turn silver into gold and mithril into pure silver. I'll find the answer soon, I think. It's only a matter of time.					All my life, I've been researching how to turn silver into gold and mithril into pure silver. I'll find the answer soon, I think. It's only a matter of time.		All my life, I've been researching how to turn silver into gold and mithril into pure silver. I'll find the answer soon, I think. It's only a matter of time.		All my life, I've been researching how to turn silver into gold and mithril into pure silver. I'll find the answer soon, I think. It's only a matter of time.
					Hmm... Do you wish to turn silver into gold? Wait here for a second. I'll bring all my research data. Of course, you can't turn silver into gold with just this. There's still more research to do, but I want us to do it together.					Hmm... Do you wish to turn silver into gold? Wait here for a second. I'll bring all my research data. Of course, you can't turn silver into gold with just this. There's still more research to do, but I want us to do it together.		Hmm... Do you wish to turn silver into gold? Wait here for a second. I'll bring all my research data. Of course, you can't turn silver into gold with just this. There's still more research to do, but I want us to do it together.		Hmm... Do you wish to turn silver into gold? Wait here for a second. I'll bring all my research data. Of course, you can't turn silver into gold with just this. There's still more research to do, but I want us to do it together.
					There's no boundaries in alchemy. Some alchemists I know even sacrifice themselves for their experiment. But that's crazy. You lose more than you gain. And there's no next time. Don't trust those fools!					There's no boundaries in alchemy. Some alchemists I know even sacrifice themselves for their experiment. But that's crazy. You lose more than you gain. And there's no next time. Don't trust those fools!		There's no boundaries in alchemy. Some alchemists I know even sacrifice themselves for their experiment. But that's crazy. You lose more than you gain. And there's no next time. Don't trust those fools!		There's no boundaries in alchemy. Some alchemists I know even sacrifice themselves for their experiment. But that's crazy. You lose more than you gain. And there's no next time. Don't trust those fools!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
198	<Cook> Basil		<Cook> Basil	100	It was hard to find delicious food when I first came to Zylok. They were all eating garbage. But things have gotten a lot better. You don't know how hard I've worked to change things. Oh, I'm rambling on again.				100	It was hard to find delicious food when I first came to Zylok. They were all eating garbage. But things have gotten a lot better. You don't know how hard I've worked to change things. Oh, I'm rambling on again.	100	It was hard to find delicious food when I first came to Zylok. They were all eating garbage. But things have gotten a lot better. You don't know how hard I've worked to change things. Oh, I'm rambling on again.	100	It was hard to find delicious food when I first came to Zylok. They were all eating garbage. But things have gotten a lot better. You don't know how hard I've worked to change things. Oh, I'm rambling on again.
					You don't know what it's like to get up early, clean the house and then have freshly baked bread until you've tried it. I always lived every day the same, but the bread seems to taste different every morning. I try to give each dish a new feeling so that others can experience the same thing.					You don't know what it's like to get up early, clean the house and then have freshly baked bread until you've tried it. I always lived every day the same, but the bread seems to taste different every morning. I try to give each dish a new feeling so that others can experience the same thing.		You don't know what it's like to get up early, clean the house and then have freshly baked bread until you've tried it. I always lived every day the same, but the bread seems to taste different every morning. I try to give each dish a new feeling so that others can experience the same thing.		You don't know what it's like to get up early, clean the house and then have freshly baked bread until you've tried it. I always lived every day the same, but the bread seems to taste different every morning. I try to give each dish a new feeling so that others can experience the same thing.
					Jean Kiev is so lazy. I bring him dishes every now and then, but he never thanks me. That's very rude, don't you think? But when I don't bring him anything for days, he gets so distressed. He's an interesting Orc to say the least.					Jean Kiev is so lazy. I bring him dishes every now and then, but he never thanks me. That's very rude, don't you think? But when I don't bring him anything for days, he gets so distressed. He's an interesting Orc to say the least.		Jean Kiev is so lazy. I bring him dishes every now and then, but he never thanks me. That's very rude, don't you think? But when I don't bring him anything for days, he gets so distressed. He's an interesting Orc to say the least.		Jean Kiev is so lazy. I bring him dishes every now and then, but he never thanks me. That's very rude, don't you think? But when I don't bring him anything for days, he gets so distressed. He's an interesting Orc to say the least.
					Frankly, I don't know if the food I make tastes good. Jean Kiev says it is, but I don't know if he's being honest. Either he's a fool or I'm a good cook. Everyone compliments my food, but I'm still not satisfied.					Frankly, I don't know if the food I make tastes good. Jean Kiev says it is, but I don't know if he's being honest. Either he's a fool or I'm a good cook. Everyone compliments my food, but I'm still not satisfied.		Frankly, I don't know if the food I make tastes good. Jean Kiev says it is, but I don't know if he's being honest. Either he's a fool or I'm a good cook. Everyone compliments my food, but I'm still not satisfied.		Frankly, I don't know if the food I make tastes good. Jean Kiev says it is, but I don't know if he's being honest. Either he's a fool or I'm a good cook. Everyone compliments my food, but I'm still not satisfied.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
199	<Adventurer> Felicia		<Adventurer> Felicia	100	I stumbled upon Zylok purely by chance, but I discovered that I really liked it. So I decided to settle down here. Do you think it really matters? No matter where I go, my name will still be known.				100	I stumbled upon Zylok purely by chance, but I discovered that I really liked it. So I decided to settle down here. Do you think it really matters? No matter where I go, my name will still be known.	100	I stumbled upon Zylok purely by chance, but I discovered that I really liked it. So I decided to settle down here. Do you think it really matters? No matter where I go, my name will still be known.	100	I stumbled upon Zylok purely by chance, but I discovered that I really liked it. So I decided to settle down here. Do you think it really matters? No matter where I go, my name will still be known.
					I've been everywhere, so feel free to ask me questions about any place you like. Oh, but I haven't been where humans live. I guess I can't help you with that.					I've been everywhere, so feel free to ask me questions about any place you like. Oh, but I haven't been where humans live. I guess I can't help you with that.		I've been everywhere, so feel free to ask me questions about any place you like. Oh, but I haven't been where humans live. I guess I can't help you with that.		I've been everywhere, so feel free to ask me questions about any place you like. Oh, but I haven't been where humans live. I guess I can't help you with that.
					I'm not interested in how humans live, but I would like to visit there when I get a chance. It won't be easy, but I don't think there will be anything to worry about with a reliable friend like you. Hahaha!					I'm not interested in how humans live, but I would like to visit there when I get a chance. It won't be easy, but I don't think there will be anything to worry about with a reliable friend like you. Hahaha!		I'm not interested in how humans live, but I would like to visit there when I get a chance. It won't be easy, but I don't think there will be anything to worry about with a reliable friend like you. Hahaha!		I'm not interested in how humans live, but I would like to visit there when I get a chance. It won't be easy, but I don't think there will be anything to worry about with a reliable friend like you. Hahaha!
					I heard someone's investigating me behind my back. Well, there's not much he'll find out, so I'm not too worried. But if you do happen to know who this person is, please tell me. I think I should know.					I heard someone's investigating me behind my back. Well, there's not much he'll find out, so I'm not too worried. But if you do happen to know who this person is, please tell me. I think I should know.		I heard someone's investigating me behind my back. Well, there's not much he'll find out, so I'm not too worried. But if you do happen to know who this person is, please tell me. I think I should know.		I heard someone's investigating me behind my back. Well, there's not much he'll find out, so I'm not too worried. But if you do happen to know who this person is, please tell me. I think I should know.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
200	<Security Chief> Koop		<Security Chief> Koop	100	There are no leaders in Zylok. There is a village Headman, but no one wants to take that position since several Headmen were killed. So I, Koop, ended up being the Security Chief and village Headman, too. I won't allow anyone to cause trouble in Zylok while I'm in charge. Hahaha!				100	There are no leaders in Zylok. There is a village Headman, but no one wants to take that position since several Headmen were killed. So I, Koop, ended up being the Security Chief and village Headman, too. I won't allow anyone to cause trouble in Zylok while I'm in charge. Hahaha!	100	There are no leaders in Zylok. There is a village Headman, but no one wants to take that position since several Headmen were killed. So I, Koop, ended up being the Security Chief and village Headman, too. I won't allow anyone to cause trouble in Zylok while I'm in charge. Hahaha!	100	There are no leaders in Zylok. There is a village Headman, but no one wants to take that position since several Headmen were killed. So I, Koop, ended up being the Security Chief and village Headman, too. I won't allow anyone to cause trouble in Zylok while I'm in charge. Hahaha!
					All sorts of people come to Zylok, so it's possible to see real trash come through every now and then. But we can't do anything about it because they're travelers or mercenaries. If any of them cause trouble though, I'll sever their heads with my sword.					All sorts of people come to Zylok, so it's possible to see real trash come through every now and then. But we can't do anything about it because they're travelers or mercenaries. If any of them cause trouble though, I'll sever their heads with my sword.		All sorts of people come to Zylok, so it's possible to see real trash come through every now and then. But we can't do anything about it because they're travelers or mercenaries. If any of them cause trouble though, I'll sever their heads with my sword.		All sorts of people come to Zylok, so it's possible to see real trash come through every now and then. But we can't do anything about it because they're travelers or mercenaries. If any of them cause trouble though, I'll sever their heads with my sword.
					You look like a pretty skilled traveler. But what does it matter? Even if you're a hero, if you cause any trouble, I'll be sure to catch you. You might end up in prison or be executed if I'm feeling generous. Got that?					You look like a pretty skilled traveler. But what does it matter? Even if you're a hero, if you cause any trouble, I'll be sure to catch you. You might end up in prison or be executed if I'm feeling generous. Got that?		You look like a pretty skilled traveler. But what does it matter? Even if you're a hero, if you cause any trouble, I'll be sure to catch you. You might end up in prison or be executed if I'm feeling generous. Got that?		You look like a pretty skilled traveler. But what does it matter? Even if you're a hero, if you cause any trouble, I'll be sure to catch you. You might end up in prison or be executed if I'm feeling generous. Got that?
					Oh, I'm bored. My sword is getting rusty because there aren't any big criminals these days. Hey, you. Have you heard any news about any violent crimes or any merchants fighting over gold? Yeah? Mercenaries fighting over the wealth of bandits is just as good. Anything is okay, but just tell me when something happens.					Oh, I'm bored. My sword is getting rusty because there aren't any big criminals these days. Hey, you. Have you heard any news about any violent crimes or any merchants fighting over gold? Yeah? Mercenaries fighting over the wealth of bandits is just as good. Anything is okay, but just tell me when something happens.		Oh, I'm bored. My sword is getting rusty because there aren't any big criminals these days. Hey, you. Have you heard any news about any violent crimes or any merchants fighting over gold? Yeah? Mercenaries fighting over the wealth of bandits is just as good. Anything is okay, but just tell me when something happens.		Oh, I'm bored. My sword is getting rusty because there aren't any big criminals these days. Hey, you. Have you heard any news about any violent crimes or any merchants fighting over gold? Yeah? Mercenaries fighting over the wealth of bandits is just as good. Anything is okay, but just tell me when something happens.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
201	<Mercenary> Scar		<Mercenary> Scar	100	It's not easy being a mercenary in this small village. I want to go to Kuhn, but there is someone there I really hate. So it looks like I'll have to stay here. It's quite frustrating. Big fish need to swim in big ponds. Some day I'll go to the big city.				100	It's not easy being a mercenary in this small village. I want to go to Kuhn, but there is someone there I really hate. So it looks like I'll have to stay here. It's quite frustrating. Big fish need to swim in big ponds. Some day I'll go to the big city.	100	It's not easy being a mercenary in this small village. I want to go to Kuhn, but there is someone there I really hate. So it looks like I'll have to stay here. It's quite frustrating. Big fish need to swim in big ponds. Some day I'll go to the big city.	100	It's not easy being a mercenary in this small village. I want to go to Kuhn, but there is someone there I really hate. So it looks like I'll have to stay here. It's quite frustrating. Big fish need to swim in big ponds. Some day I'll go to the big city.
					I may look ferocious, but I have a soft heart. I'm the opposite of 'the iron hand in a velvet glove'. But that doesn't mean that I'll run in the face of my enemy. I have honed my skills over years of traveling and I have an iron heart. A soft heart covered by iron...hehe!					I may look ferocious, but I have a soft heart. I'm the opposite of 'the iron hand in a velvet glove'. But that doesn't mean that I'll run in the face of my enemy. I have honed my skills over years of traveling and I have an iron heart. A soft heart covered by iron...hehe!		I may look ferocious, but I have a soft heart. I'm the opposite of 'the iron hand in a velvet glove'. But that doesn't mean that I'll run in the face of my enemy. I have honed my skills over years of traveling and I have an iron heart. A soft heart covered by iron...hehe!		I may look ferocious, but I have a soft heart. I'm the opposite of 'the iron hand in a velvet glove'. But that doesn't mean that I'll run in the face of my enemy. I have honed my skills over years of traveling and I have an iron heart. A soft heart covered by iron...hehe!
					The image of mercenaries is deteriorating because of the rumors that are being spread by vicious travelers. Are you one of them? Beware, there are many observers here in Zylok.					The image of mercenaries is deteriorating because of the rumors that are being spread by vicious travelers. Are you one of them? Beware, there are many observers here in Zylok.		The image of mercenaries is deteriorating because of the rumors that are being spread by vicious travelers. Are you one of them? Beware, there are many observers here in Zylok.		The image of mercenaries is deteriorating because of the rumors that are being spread by vicious travelers. Are you one of them? Beware, there are many observers here in Zylok.
					My name is Scar because I have many scars on my body, big and small. Some say it's horrible for a girl. But I'm sure it wouldn't be right for a mercenary to have soft skin. Besides I like how I am now.					My name is Scar because I have many scars on my body, big and small. Some say it's horrible for a girl. But I'm sure it wouldn't be right for a mercenary to have soft skin. Besides I like how I am now.		My name is Scar because I have many scars on my body, big and small. Some say it's horrible for a girl. But I'm sure it wouldn't be right for a mercenary to have soft skin. Besides I like how I am now.		My name is Scar because I have many scars on my body, big and small. Some say it's horrible for a girl. But I'm sure it wouldn't be right for a mercenary to have soft skin. Besides I like how I am now.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
202	<Traveler> Kaneios		<Traveler> Kaneios	100	My name is Kaneois and I'm a traveler. I used to travel with Dag and I wanted to travel more, but one day Dag just gave up. I don't know if it's because he's lazy or what. But I can't say anything to him for fear of getting beat up. Pathetic, huh? Huh? Am I scared of Kobolt? Sh, it's a secret. I really hate getting beaten up.				100	My name is Kaneois and I'm a traveler. I used to travel with Dag and I wanted to travel more, but one day Dag just gave up. I don't know if it's because he's lazy or what. But I can't say anything to him for fear of getting beat up. Pathetic, huh? Huh? Am I scared of Kobolt? Sh, it's a secret. I really hate getting beaten up.	100	My name is Kaneois and I'm a traveler. I used to travel with Dag and I wanted to travel more, but one day Dag just gave up. I don't know if it's because he's lazy or what. But I can't say anything to him for fear of getting beat up. Pathetic, huh? Huh? Am I scared of Kobolt? Sh, it's a secret. I really hate getting beaten up.	100	My name is Kaneois and I'm a traveler. I used to travel with Dag and I wanted to travel more, but one day Dag just gave up. I don't know if it's because he's lazy or what. But I can't say anything to him for fear of getting beat up. Pathetic, huh? Huh? Am I scared of Kobolt? Sh, it's a secret. I really hate getting beaten up.
					I'm getting harassed these days, I keep getting a letter that says, Give up your travels or I will kill you, but more than half a year has passed since my last letter and nothing has happened yet so I think it might just be a hoax. Though, to send a letter like that for half a year means it must be somewhat serious. Anyway, come anytime you want. I am the best traveler, so I will take you on whenever you drop by.					I'm getting harassed these days, I keep getting a letter that says, Give up your travels or I will kill you, but more than half a year has passed since my last letter and nothing has happened yet so I think it might just be a hoax. Though, to send a letter like that for half a year means it must be somewhat serious. Anyway, come anytime you want. I am the best traveler, so I will take you on whenever you drop by.		I'm getting harassed these days, I keep getting a letter that says, Give up your travels or I will kill you, but more than half a year has passed since my last letter and nothing has happened yet so I think it might just be a hoax. Though, to send a letter like that for half a year means it must be somewhat serious. Anyway, come anytime you want. I am the best traveler, so I will take you on whenever you drop by.		I'm getting harassed these days, I keep getting a letter that says, Give up your travels or I will kill you, but more than half a year has passed since my last letter and nothing has happened yet so I think it might just be a hoax. Though, to send a letter like that for half a year means it must be somewhat serious. Anyway, come anytime you want. I am the best traveler, so I will take you on whenever you drop by.
					Zylok and Trilgard are close to each other, but this place really feels like it's for travelers compared to Trilgard. Trilgard is too lavish, in my opinion. And it smells of humans too! I like things less refined and complete, so this village is just the place for me.					Zylok and Trilgard are close to each other, but this place really feels like it's for travelers compared to Trilgard. Trilgard is too lavish, in my opinion. And it smells of humans too! I like things less refined and complete, so this village is just the place for me.		Zylok and Trilgard are close to each other, but this place really feels like it's for travelers compared to Trilgard. Trilgard is too lavish, in my opinion. And it smells of humans too! I like things less refined and complete, so this village is just the place for me.		Zylok and Trilgard are close to each other, but this place really feels like it's for travelers compared to Trilgard. Trilgard is too lavish, in my opinion. And it smells of humans too! I like things less refined and complete, so this village is just the place for me.
					Traveling is not a job, it's just wandering around. I used to be a Blacksmith back home, although I wasn't any good. I gave up everything because I wanted to travel. Do I have regrets? I admit I do think of the tools I used to work with back home.					Traveling is not a job, it's just wandering around. I used to be a Blacksmith back home, although I wasn't any good. I gave up everything because I wanted to travel. Do I have regrets? I admit I do think of the tools I used to work with back home.		Traveling is not a job, it's just wandering around. I used to be a Blacksmith back home, although I wasn't any good. I gave up everything because I wanted to travel. Do I have regrets? I admit I do think of the tools I used to work with back home.		Traveling is not a job, it's just wandering around. I used to be a Blacksmith back home, although I wasn't any good. I gave up everything because I wanted to travel. Do I have regrets? I admit I do think of the tools I used to work with back home.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
203	<Traveler> Dag		<Traveler> Dag	100	Have you...seen Kaneios or Satyros around? I, Dag, have been traveling for 7 years with them. But not only have I not gained anything, I've also been in danger while traveling with my reckless companions. I want to leave my life on the road. But I'm scared of Kaneios's punch.				100	Have you...seen Kaneios or Satyros around? I, Dag, have been traveling for 7 years with them. But not only have I not gained anything, I've also been in danger while traveling with my reckless companions. I want to leave my life on the road. But I'm scared of Kaneios's punch.	100	Have you...seen Kaneios or Satyros around? I, Dag, have been traveling for 7 years with them. But not only have I not gained anything, I've also been in danger while traveling with my reckless companions. I want to leave my life on the road. But I'm scared of Kaneios's punch.	100	Have you...seen Kaneios or Satyros around? I, Dag, have been traveling for 7 years with them. But not only have I not gained anything, I've also been in danger while traveling with my reckless companions. I want to leave my life on the road. But I'm scared of Kaneios's punch.
					There are quite a few Kobolt travelers, but they don't travel as often as other tribes do. It's hard, so that's why so many give it up. I'd give up as well but traveling is fun. Yeah, that's what traveling is about! That's what other tribes say too, it's not time to go back to the village yet.					There are quite a few Kobolt travelers, but they don't travel as often as other tribes do. It's hard, so that's why so many give it up. I'd give up as well but traveling is fun. Yeah, that's what traveling is about! That's what other tribes say too, it's not time to go back to the village yet.		There are quite a few Kobolt travelers, but they don't travel as often as other tribes do. It's hard, so that's why so many give it up. I'd give up as well but traveling is fun. Yeah, that's what traveling is about! That's what other tribes say too, it's not time to go back to the village yet.		There are quite a few Kobolt travelers, but they don't travel as often as other tribes do. It's hard, so that's why so many give it up. I'd give up as well but traveling is fun. Yeah, that's what traveling is about! That's what other tribes say too, it's not time to go back to the village yet.
					(Gulp)... Don't look at me like that. I'm scared.					(Gulp)... Don't look at me like that. I'm scared.		(Gulp)... Don't look at me like that. I'm scared.		(Gulp)... Don't look at me like that. I'm scared.
					I don't like Zylok. It's scary, dark and grim. But I'm more scared of Silancium. That's why I'm still here. Kaneios keeps trying to leave. Oh, I don't want to give up being a traveler now, but I don't know what to do.					I don't like Zylok. It's scary, dark and grim. But I'm more scared of Silancium. That's why I'm still here. Kaneios keeps trying to leave. Oh, I don't want to give up being a traveler now, but I don't know what to do.		I don't like Zylok. It's scary, dark and grim. But I'm more scared of Silancium. That's why I'm still here. Kaneios keeps trying to leave. Oh, I don't want to give up being a traveler now, but I don't know what to do.		I don't like Zylok. It's scary, dark and grim. But I'm more scared of Silancium. That's why I'm still here. Kaneios keeps trying to leave. Oh, I don't want to give up being a traveler now, but I don't know what to do.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
204	<Mysterious Knight> Drupa		<Mysterious Knight> Drupa	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	Do you know about the Archlord? He's the almighty power that exists only in Chantra. He was bestowed with enormous power that the Elementals created in the underworld. Only one person can be given command in Chantra under the Archlord's name. Thousands of years have passed and it's time for that force to reemerge!	3	10	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!
					You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.	There are 5 Archons in this world. You can be the Archlord only when you find all of these Archons, so naturally there is a lot of competition.	3	10		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.
					The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.	The reemergence of the Archons may be a coincidence, but it is inevitable. In the beginning, Humans and Orcs met in a desert. Nathan and Walcurae acquired the Archon of Fire and the Archon of Earth. These became the keys that called the Archlord back into this world.	3	10		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.
					Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.	During the 100 Year war, Ugdrasil failed to acquire the Archon. What a pity for the orcs! If he had acquired that almighty power maybe he could've become the Archlord. You travelers should follow his will under the banner of the orcs!	3	10		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.
						Usus' Tullan's conquest left much to be desired. The old orc leaders blamed him for his exaggerated actions, but without that kind of aggression in combat no one can expect to become The Archlord.  Where is Usus now? Nobody knows...though many rumors exist...	3	10						
						The Archons need a master. Even if someone finds the five Archons by luck, none of them will display their power unless the finder is worthy. The Archons will just remain useless rocks or gems.	3	10						
						The Elementals rejected the birth of the Archons and expelled the Archlord from Chantra. But now, the Elementals acknowledge the Archons and await the birth of the Archlord. They know that there will come a time when the birth of the Archlord is essential. But that time should never come......	3	10						
						The world is made of light and darkness. There's day and night. There's good and evil. There are the forces of the four main Elementals and there are Elementals who wish to destroy the world. But there are no records of this, not even in the records of the Elementals. Limited knowledge is not good.	3	10						
						Elemental Stones may be refined by being put through the Elemental Stone Refinery. When refined, the stone's degree of purity will increase and it will become stronger. But is that all? I hear there are more powerful effects. Travelers should find this out for themselves.	3	10						
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
205	<Fortune Teller> Estra		<Fortune Teller> Estra	100	I'm Estra, a gypsy fortune teller. My fortune telling is quite accurate, but the most important thing is the attitude of the customer. If he or she doesn't believe in fortune telling, there's no use. You seem as though you trust fate. Would you like me to read your fortune?				100	I'm Estra, a gypsy fortune teller. My fortune telling is quite accurate, but the most important thing is the attitude of the customer. If he or she doesn't believe in fortune telling, there's no use. You seem as though you trust fate. Would you like me to read your fortune?	100	I'm Estra, a gypsy fortune teller. My fortune telling is quite accurate, but the most important thing is the attitude of the customer. If he or she doesn't believe in fortune telling, there's no use. You seem as though you trust fate. Would you like me to read your fortune?	100	I'm Estra, a gypsy fortune teller. My fortune telling is quite accurate, but the most important thing is the attitude of the customer. If he or she doesn't believe in fortune telling, there's no use. You seem as though you trust fate. Would you like me to read your fortune?
					When dealing with a fortune teller, always empty your heart. Travelers seem to look at me suspiciously. This must be because there are so many fake fortune tellers in the world. You might say I'm not like that, but I can sense it in your eyes. So let go of everything and you will see the future.					When dealing with a fortune teller, always empty your heart. Travelers seem to look at me suspiciously. This must be because there are so many fake fortune tellers in the world. You might say I'm not like that, but I can sense it in your eyes. So let go of everything and you will see the future.		When dealing with a fortune teller, always empty your heart. Travelers seem to look at me suspiciously. This must be because there are so many fake fortune tellers in the world. You might say I'm not like that, but I can sense it in your eyes. So let go of everything and you will see the future.		When dealing with a fortune teller, always empty your heart. Travelers seem to look at me suspiciously. This must be because there are so many fake fortune tellers in the world. You might say I'm not like that, but I can sense it in your eyes. So let go of everything and you will see the future.
					I've done this so many times that I can see someone's future as soon as he or she comes into my tent. Sometimes this can be quite convenient, but at other times it's very frustrating. Your fortune? Hm, I can't say. But one thing I'm sure is that your future will be quite intense.					I've done this so many times that I can see someone's future as soon as he or she comes into my tent. Sometimes this can be quite convenient, but at other times it's very frustrating. Your fortune? Hm, I can't say. But one thing I'm sure is that your future will be quite intense.		I've done this so many times that I can see someone's future as soon as he or she comes into my tent. Sometimes this can be quite convenient, but at other times it's very frustrating. Your fortune? Hm, I can't say. But one thing I'm sure is that your future will be quite intense.		I've done this so many times that I can see someone's future as soon as he or she comes into my tent. Sometimes this can be quite convenient, but at other times it's very frustrating. Your fortune? Hm, I can't say. But one thing I'm sure is that your future will be quite intense.
					There are less and less gypsies. Some are in the big cities and other have just disappeared. The former, I don't worry about. But the latter... I'm sad because I feel as though someone's taken them and is using them for evil purposes. I wish they'd come back home safe. If you ever meet them, please pass on my message.					There are less and less gypsies. Some are in the big cities and other have just disappeared. The former, I don't worry about. But the latter... I'm sad because I feel as though someone's taken them and is using them for evil purposes. I wish they'd come back home safe. If you ever meet them, please pass on my message.		There are less and less gypsies. Some are in the big cities and other have just disappeared. The former, I don't worry about. But the latter... I'm sad because I feel as though someone's taken them and is using them for evil purposes. I wish they'd come back home safe. If you ever meet them, please pass on my message.		There are less and less gypsies. Some are in the big cities and other have just disappeared. The former, I don't worry about. But the latter... I'm sad because I feel as though someone's taken them and is using them for evil purposes. I wish they'd come back home safe. If you ever meet them, please pass on my message.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
206	<Mysterious Knight> Thorn		<Mysterious Knight> Thorn	100	My name is Thorn and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	Do you know about the Archlord? He's the almighty power that exists only in Chantra. He was bestowed with enormous power that the Elementals created in the underworld. Only one person can be given command in Chantra under the Archlord's name. Thousands of years have passed and it's time for that force to reemerge!	3	10	100	My name is Thorn and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	100	My name is Thorn and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	100	My name is Thorn and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.
					We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.	There are 5 Archons in this world. You can be the Archlord only when you find all of these Archons, so naturally there is a lot of competition.	3	10		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.
					We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.	The reemergence of the Archons may be a coincidence, but it is inevitable. In the beginning, Humans and Orcs met in a desert. Nathan and Walcurae acquired the Archon of Fire and the Archon of Earth. These became the keys that called the Archlord back into this world.	3	10		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.
					Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.	I'm going to tell you of the epic stories of heroes from a 100 years ago... about the Human Zian Manas and the Orc Ugdrasil. Their violent battle brought temporary peace to this world. Intriguing, huh? Zian says he fought to defeat the Orcs and rescue Tullan. However, they were the reason the generations after fell into chaos.	3	10		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.
					The road to my right leads to Triangle Village and the road to my left leads to Seashore Road. Go up Seashore Road and you'll arrive at the big city of Delfaras. It's not wise for a beginner to take the road on the right for the level of monsters suddenly increases in front of Triangle Village. So go to Delfaras.	A year ago, Usus, the Orc, attacked Tullan. He believed that the Archons were inside the castle there and tried to attack it. There are others who still believe what Usus did was wrong.	3	10		The road to my right leads to Triangle Village and the road to my left leads to Seashore Road. Go up Seashore Road and you'll arrive at the big city of Delfaras. It's not wise for a beginner to take the road on the right for the level of monsters suddenly increases in front of Triangle Village. So go to Delfaras.		The road to my right leads to Triangle Village and the road to my left leads to Seashore Road. Go up Seashore Road and you'll arrive at the big city of Delfaras. It's not wise for a beginner to take the road on the right for the level of monsters suddenly increases in front of Triangle Village. So go to Delfaras.		The road to my right leads to Triangle Village and the road to my left leads to Seashore Road. Go up Seashore Road and you'll arrive at the big city of Delfaras. It's not wise for a beginner to take the road on the right for the level of monsters suddenly increases in front of Triangle Village. So go to Delfaras.
						The Archons need a master. Even if someone finds the five Archons by luck, none of them will display their power unless the finder is worthy. The Archons will just remain useless rocks or gems.	3	10						
						The Elementals rejected the birth of the Archons and expelled the Archlord from Chantra. But now, the Elementals acknowledge the Archons and await the birth of the Archlord. They know that there will come a time when the birth of the Archlord is essential. But that time should never come......	3	10						
						The world is made of light and darkness. There's day and night. There's good and evil. There are the forces of the four main Elementals and there are Elementals who wish to destroy the world. But there are no records of this, not even in the records of the Elementals. Limited knowledge is not good.	3	10						
						Elemental Stones may be refined by being put through the Elemental Stone Refinery. When refined, the stone's degree of purity will increase and it will become stronger. But is that all? I hear there are more powerful effects. Travelers should find this out for themselves.	3	10						
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
207	<Mysterious Knight> Hart		<Mysterious Knight> Hart	100	My name is Hart and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	Do you know about the Archlord? He's the almighty power that exists only in Chantra. He was bestowed with enormous power that the Elementals created in the underworld. Only one person can be given command in Chantra under the Archlord's name. Thousands of years have passed and it's time for that force to reemerge!	3	10	100	My name is Hart and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	100	My name is Hart and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	100	My name is Hart and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.
					We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.	There are 5 Archons in this world. You can be the Archlord only when you find all of these Archons, so naturally there is a lot of competition.	3	10		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.
					We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.	The reemergence of the Archons may be a coincidence, but it is inevitable. In the beginning, Humans and Orcs met in a desert. Nathan and Walcurae acquired the Archon of Fire and the Archon of Earth. These became the keys that called the Archlord back into this world.	3	10		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.
					Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.	I'm going to tell you of the epic stories of heroes from a 100 years ago... about the Human Zian Manas and the Orc Ugdrasil. Their violent battle brought temporary peace to this world. Intriguing, huh? Zian says he fought to defeat the Orcs and rescue Tullan. However, they were the reason the generations after fell into chaos.	3	10		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.
						A year ago, Usus, the Orc, attacked Tullan. He believed that the Archons were inside the castle there and tried to attack it. There are others who still believe what Usus did was wrong.	3	10						
						The Archons need a master. Even if someone finds the five Archons by luck, none of them will display their power unless the finder is worthy. The Archons will just remain useless rocks or gems.	3	10						
						The Elementals rejected the birth of the Archons and expelled the Archlord from Chantra. But now, the Elementals acknowledge the Archons and await the birth of the Archlord. They know that there will come a time when the birth of the Archlord is essential. But that time should never come......	3	10						
						The world is made of light and darkness. There's day and night. There's good and evil. There are the forces of the four main Elementals and there are Elementals who wish to destroy the world. But there are no records of this, not even in the records of the Elementals. Limited knowledge is not good.	3	10						
						Elemental Stones may be refined by being put through the Elemental Stone Refinery. When refined, the stone's degree of purity will increase and it will become stronger. But is that all? I hear there are more powerful effects. Travelers should find this out for themselves.	3	10						
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
208	<Mysterious Knight> Kip		<Mysterious Knight> Kip	100	My name is Kip and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	Do you know about the Archlord? He's the almighty power that exists only in Chantra. He was bestowed with enormous power that the Elementals created in the underworld. Only one person can be given command in Chantra under the Archlord's name. Thousands of years have passed and it's time for that force to reemerge!	3	10	100	My name is Kip and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	100	My name is Kip and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	100	My name is Kip and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.
					We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.	There are 5 Archons in this world. You can be the Archlord only when you find all of these Archons, so naturally there is a lot of competition.	3	10		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.
					We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.	The reemergence of the Archons may be a coincidence, but it is inevitable. In the beginning, Humans and Orcs met in a desert. Nathan and Walcurae acquired the Archon of Fire and the Archon of Earth. These became the keys that called the Archlord back into this world.	3	10		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.
					Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.	I'm going to tell you of the epic stories of heroes from a 100 years ago... about the Human Zian Manas and the Orc Ugdrasil. Their violent battle brought temporary peace to this world. Intriguing, huh? Zian says he fought to defeat the Orcs and rescue Tullan. However, they were the reason the generations after fell into chaos.	3	10		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.
						A year ago, Usus, the Orc, attacked Tullan. He believed that the Archons were inside the castle there and tried to attack it. There are others who still believe what Usus did was wrong.	3	10						
						The Archons need a master. Even if someone finds the five Archons by luck, none of them will display their power unless the finder is worthy. The Archons will just remain useless rocks or gems.	3	10						
						The Elementals rejected the birth of the Archons and expelled the Archlord from Chantra. But now, the Elementals acknowledge the Archons and await the birth of the Archlord. They know that there will come a time when the birth of the Archlord is essential. But that time should never come......	3	10						
						The world is made of light and darkness. There's day and night. There's good and evil. There are the forces of the four main Elementals and there are Elementals who wish to destroy the world. But there are no records of this, not even in the records of the Elementals. Limited knowledge is not good.	3	10						
						Elemental Stones may be refined by being put through the Elemental Stone Refinery. When refined, the stone's degree of purity will increase and it will become stronger. But is that all? I hear there are more powerful effects. Travelers should find this out for themselves.	3	10						
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
209	<Mysterious Knight> Don		<Mysterious Knight> Don	100	My name is Don and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	Do you know about the Archlord? He's the almighty power that exists only in Chantra. He was bestowed with enormous power that the Elementals created in the underworld. Only one person can be given command in Chantra under the Archlord's name. Thousands of years have passed and it's time for that force to reemerge!	3	10	100	My name is Don and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	100	My name is Don and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	100	My name is Don and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are known by none. We see through everything, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.
					We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.	There are 5 Archons in this world. You can be the Archlord only when you find all of these Archons, so naturally there is a lot of competition.	3	10		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.
					We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.	The reemergence of the Archons may be a coincidence, but it is inevitable. In the beginning, Humans and Orcs met in a desert. Nathan and Walcurae acquired the Archon of Fire and the Archon of Earth. These became the keys that called the Archlord back into this world.	3	10		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.
					Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.	I'm going to tell you of the epic stories of heroes from a 100 years ago... about the Human Zian Manas and the Orc Ugdrasil. Their violent battle brought temporary peace to this world. Intriguing, huh? Zian says he fought to defeat the Orcs and rescue Tullan. However, they were the reason the generations after fell into chaos.	3	10		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.
						A year ago, Usus, the Orc, attacked Tullan. He believed that the Archons were inside the castle there and tried to attack it. There are others who still believe what Usus did was wrong.	3	10						
						The Archons need a master. Even if someone finds the five Archons by luck, none of them will display their power unless the finder is worthy. The Archons will just remain useless rocks or gems.	3	10						
						The Elementals rejected the birth of the Archons and expelled the Archlord from Chantra. But now, the Elementals acknowledge the Archons and await the birth of the Archlord. They know that there will come a time when the birth of the Archlord is essential. But that time should never come......	3	10						
						The world is made of light and darkness. There's day and night. There's good and evil. There are the forces of the four main Elementals and there are Elementals who wish to destroy the world. But there are no records of this, not even in the records of the Elementals. Limited knowledge is not good.	3	10						
						Elemental Stones may be refined by being put through the Elemental Stone Refinery. When refined, the stone's degree of purity will increase and it will become stronger. But is that all? I hear there are more powerful effects. Travelers should find this out for themselves.	3	10						
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
210	<Assassin> Parska		<Assassin> Parska	100	I'm Parska, the assassin. I'm the fastest and most skilled assassin in the world, but I guard this place now. I'm waiting for my colleagues to return.				100	I'm Parska, the assassin. I'm the fastest and most skilled assassin in the world, but I guard this place now. I'm waiting for my colleagues to return.	100	I'm Parska, the assassin. I'm the fastest and most skilled assassin in the world, but I guard this place now. I'm waiting for my colleagues to return.	100	I'm Parska, the assassin. I'm the fastest and most skilled assassin in the world, but I guard this place now. I'm waiting for my colleagues to return.
					You don't like my voice? It's not that noisy because I removed my vocal cords. I use equipment to speak, so I can't talk much. But bear with me since I can carry on a conversation.					You don't like my voice? It's not that noisy because I removed my vocal cords. I use equipment to speak, so I can't talk much. But bear with me since I can carry on a conversation.		You don't like my voice? It's not that noisy because I removed my vocal cords. I use equipment to speak, so I can't talk much. But bear with me since I can carry on a conversation.		You don't like my voice? It's not that noisy because I removed my vocal cords. I use equipment to speak, so I can't talk much. But bear with me since I can carry on a conversation.
					Travelers might not believe it, but the day assassins take over will come. I believe it, but until then, we must wait in the shadows.					Travelers might not believe it, but the day assassins take over will come. I believe it, but until then, we must wait in the shadows.		Travelers might not believe it, but the day assassins take over will come. I believe it, but until then, we must wait in the shadows.		Travelers might not believe it, but the day assassins take over will come. I believe it, but until then, we must wait in the shadows.
					Are you another traveler looking for the Archlord? The Archlord's not sought by those living in the shadows. To seize the world only with strength? I don't know.					Are you another traveler looking for the Archlord? The Archlord's not sought by those living in the shadows. To seize the world only with strength? I don't know.		Are you another traveler looking for the Archlord? The Archlord's not sought by those living in the shadows. To seize the world only with strength? I don't know.		Are you another traveler looking for the Archlord? The Archlord's not sought by those living in the shadows. To seize the world only with strength? I don't know.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
211	<Mysterious Warrior> Kang		<Mysterious Warrior> Kang	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	Do you know about the Archlord? He's the almighty power that exists only in Chantra. He was bestowed with enormous power that the Elementals created in the underworld. Only one person can be given command in Chantra under the Archlord's name. Thousands of years have passed and it's time for that force to reemerge!	3	10	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!
					You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.	There are 5 Archons in this world. You can be the Archlord only when you find all of these Archons, so naturally there is a lot of competition.	3	10		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.
					The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.	The reemergence of the Archons may be a coincidence, but it is inevitable. In the beginning, Humans and Orcs met in a desert. Nathan and Walcurae acquired the Archon of Fire and the Archon of Earth. These became the keys that called the Archlord back into this world.	3	10		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.
					Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.	During the 100 Year war, Ugdrasil failed to acquire the Archon. What a pity for the orcs! If he had acquired that almighty power maybe he could've become the Archlord. You travelers should follow his will under the banner of the orcs!	3	10		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.
						Usus' Tullan's conquest left much to be desired. The old orc leaders blamed him for his exaggerated actions, but without that kind of aggression in combat no one can expect to become The Archlord.  Where is Usus now? Nobody knows...though many rumors exist...	3	10						
						The Archons need a master. Even if someone finds the five Archons by luck, none of them will display their power unless the finder is worthy. The Archons will just remain useless rocks or gems.	3	10						
						The Elementals rejected the birth of the Archons and expelled the Archlord from Chantra. But now, the Elementals acknowledge the Archons and await the birth of the Archlord. They know that there will come a time when the birth of the Archlord is essential. But that time should never come......	3	10						
						The world is made of light and darkness. There's day and night. There's good and evil. There are the forces of the four main Elementals and there are Elementals who wish to destroy the world. But there are no records of this, not even in the records of the Elementals. Limited knowledge is not good.	3	10						
						Elemental Stones may be refined by being put through the Elemental Stone Refinery. When refined, the stone's degree of purity will increase and it will become stronger. But is that all? I hear there are more powerful effects. Travelers should find this out for themselves.	3	10						
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
212	<Mysterious Warrior> Topi		<Mysterious Warrior> Topi	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	Do you know about the Archlord? He's the almighty power that exists only in Chantra. He was bestowed with enormous power that the Elementals created in the underworld. Only one person can be given command in Chantra under the Archlord's name. Thousands of years have passed and it's time for that force to reemerge!	3	10	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!
					You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.	There are 5 Archons in this world. You can be the Archlord only when you find all of these Archons, so naturally there is a lot of competition.	3	10		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.
					The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.	The reemergence of the Archons may be a coincidence, but it is inevitable. In the beginning, Humans and Orcs met in a desert. Nathan and Walcurae acquired the Archon of Fire and the Archon of Earth. These became the keys that called the Archlord back into this world.	3	10		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.
					Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.	During the 100 Year war, Ugdrasil failed to acquire the Archon. What a pity for the orcs! If he had acquired that almighty power maybe he could've become the Archlord. You travelers should follow his will under the banner of the orcs!	3	10		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.
						Usus' Tullan's conquest left much to be desired. The old orc leaders blamed him for his exaggerated actions, but without that kind of aggression in combat no one can expect to become The Archlord.  Where is Usus now? Nobody knows...though many rumors exist...	3	10						
						The Archons need a master. Even if someone finds the five Archons by luck, none of them will display their power unless the finder is worthy. The Archons will just remain useless rocks or gems.	3	10						
						The Elementals rejected the birth of the Archons and expelled the Archlord from Chantra. But now, the Elementals acknowledge the Archons and await the birth of the Archlord. They know that there will come a time when the birth of the Archlord is essential. But that time should never come......	3	10						
						The world is made of light and darkness. There's day and night. There's good and evil. There are the forces of the four main Elementals and there are Elementals who wish to destroy the world. But there are no records of this, not even in the records of the Elementals. Limited knowledge is not good.	3	10						
						Elemental Stones may be refined by being put through the Elemental Stone Refinery. When refined, the stone's degree of purity will increase and it will become stronger. But is that all? I hear there are more powerful effects. Travelers should find this out for themselves.	3	10						
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
213	<Mysterious Warrior> Param		<Mysterious Warrior> Param	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	Do you know about the Archlord? He's the almighty power that exists only in Chantra. He was bestowed with enormous power that the Elementals created in the underworld. Only one person can be given command in Chantra under the Archlord's name. Thousands of years have passed and it's time for that force to reemerge!	3	10	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!
					You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.	There are 5 Archons in this world. You can be the Archlord only when you find all of these Archons, so naturally there is a lot of competition.	3	10		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.
					The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.	The reemergence of the Archons may be a coincidence, but it is inevitable. In the beginning, Humans and Orcs met in a desert. Nathan and Walcurae acquired the Archon of Fire and the Archon of Earth. These became the keys that called the Archlord back into this world.	3	10		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.
					Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.	During the 100 Year war, Ugdrasil failed to acquire the Archon. What a pity for the orcs! If he had acquired that almighty power maybe he could've become the Archlord. You travelers should follow his will under the banner of the orcs!	3	10		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.
						Usus' Tullan's conquest left much to be desired. The old orc leaders blamed him for his exaggerated actions, but without that kind of aggression in combat no one can expect to become The Archlord.  Where is Usus now? Nobody knows...though many rumors exist...	3	10						
						The Archons need a master. Even if someone finds the five Archons by luck, none of them will display their power unless the finder is worthy. The Archons will just remain useless rocks or gems.	3	10						
						The Elementals rejected the birth of the Archons and expelled the Archlord from Chantra. But now, the Elementals acknowledge the Archons and await the birth of the Archlord. They know that there will come a time when the birth of the Archlord is essential. But that time should never come......	3	10						
						The world is made of light and darkness. There's day and night. There's good and evil. There are the forces of the four main Elementals and there are Elementals who wish to destroy the world. But there are no records of this, not even in the records of the Elementals. Limited knowledge is not good.	3	10						
						Elemental Stones may be refined by being put through the Elemental Stone Refinery. When refined, the stone's degree of purity will increase and it will become stronger. But is that all? I hear there are more powerful effects. Travelers should find this out for themselves.	3	10						
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
214	<Mysterious Warrior> Bol		<Mysterious Warrior> Bol	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	Do you know about the Archlord? He's the almighty power that exists only in Chantra. He was bestowed with enormous power that the Elementals created in the underworld. Only one person can be given command in Chantra under the Archlord's name. Thousands of years have passed and it's time for that force to reemerge!	3	10	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!	100	Ahhh...you're a traveler! So why did you come to meet me? You know, any unforeseen future you must discover on your own. Anything else you must obtain through experience. But don't worry about the future...the power of the unforeseen future!
					You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.	There are 5 Archons in this world. You can be the Archlord only when you find all of these Archons, so naturally there is a lot of competition.	3	10		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.		You will find us in many places. We all have different names, but we all share the same experiences and feelings. So we call ourselves one. Don't forget that we're observing you.
					The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.	The reemergence of the Archons may be a coincidence, but it is inevitable. In the beginning, Humans and Orcs met in a desert. Nathan and Walcurae acquired the Archon of Fire and the Archon of Earth. These became the keys that called the Archlord back into this world.	3	10		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.		The sun rises in the east. But if it doesn't set in the west, it means the end of this world. Perhaps the day will come when the almighty one, who can control even the weather of Chantra, will appear.
					Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.	During the 100 Year war, Ugdrasil failed to acquire the Archon. What a pity for the orcs! If he had acquired that almighty power maybe he could've become the Archlord. You travelers should follow his will under the banner of the orcs!	3	10		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.		Having visions is wrong, but observing visionaries is good. Wait for the one who exceeds your expectations to appear and rejoice for the one who will make that day possible.
						Usus' Tullan's conquest left much to be desired. The old orc leaders blamed him for his exaggerated actions, but without that kind of aggression in combat no one can expect to become The Archlord.  Where is Usus now? Nobody knows...though many rumors exist...	3	10						
						The Archons need a master. Even if someone finds the five Archons by luck, none of them will display their power unless the finder is worthy. The Archons will just remain useless rocks or gems.	3	10						
						The Elementals rejected the birth of the Archons and expelled the Archlord from Chantra. But now, the Elementals acknowledge the Archons and await the birth of the Archlord. They know that there will come a time when the birth of the Archlord is essential. But that time should never come......	3	10						
						The world is made of light and darkness. There's day and night. There's good and evil. There are the forces of the four main Elementals and there are Elementals who wish to destroy the world. But there are no records of this, not even in the records of the Elementals. Limited knowledge is not good.	3	10						
						Elemental Stones may be refined by being put through the Elemental Stone Refinery. When refined, the stone's degree of purity will increase and it will become stronger. But is that all? I hear there are more powerful effects. Travelers should find this out for themselves.	3	10						
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
215	<Mathematician> Genius		<Mathematician> Genius	100	I look like a child? Well... physically, I am a child. But I'm a genius. I'm a genius Mathematician actually. I'm Tullan's best mathematician and someday, I'll take over this land. Maybe even the spirit world as well.. Hmm, I'll need to calculate it. I wonder how old I'll be when that's possible...				100	I look like a child? Well... physically, I am a child. But I'm a genius. I'm a genius Mathematician actually. I'm Tullan's best mathematician and someday, I'll take over this land. Maybe even the spirit world as well.. Hmm, I'll need to calculate it. I wonder how old I'll be when that's possible...	100	I look like a child? Well... physically, I am a child. But I'm a genius. I'm a genius Mathematician actually. I'm Tullan's best mathematician and someday, I'll take over this land. Maybe even the spirit world as well.. Hmm, I'll need to calculate it. I wonder how old I'll be when that's possible...	100	I look like a child? Well... physically, I am a child. But I'm a genius. I'm a genius Mathematician actually. I'm Tullan's best mathematician and someday, I'll take over this land. Maybe even the spirit world as well.. Hmm, I'll need to calculate it. I wonder how old I'll be when that's possible...
					I don't know if you realized this during your travels, but the world is composed of numbers. The length of the castle wall or the depth of the moat. Or the number of wings that doves on the eaves have or holes in that man's hat. These are all born from the power of numbers. Understand numbers and you'll learn all the secrets of the world. Unfortunately, it's probably difficult for commonplace people like you to understand.					I don't know if you realized this during your travels, but the world is composed of numbers. The length of the castle wall or the depth of the moat. Or the number of wings that doves on the eaves have or holes in that man's hat. These are all born from the power of numbers. Understand numbers and you'll learn all the secrets of the world. Unfortunately, it's probably difficult for commonplace people like you to understand.		I don't know if you realized this during your travels, but the world is composed of numbers. The length of the castle wall or the depth of the moat. Or the number of wings that doves on the eaves have or holes in that man's hat. These are all born from the power of numbers. Understand numbers and you'll learn all the secrets of the world. Unfortunately, it's probably difficult for commonplace people like you to understand.		I don't know if you realized this during your travels, but the world is composed of numbers. The length of the castle wall or the depth of the moat. Or the number of wings that doves on the eaves have or holes in that man's hat. These are all born from the power of numbers. Understand numbers and you'll learn all the secrets of the world. Unfortunately, it's probably difficult for commonplace people like you to understand.
					Try showing some respect rather than laughing at me because I'm a kid. Adults aren't always right or smart. What were you doing at my age? Did you think you would become a traveler like you are now? I'm a mathematician and plan to make a great living doing so!					Try showing some respect rather than laughing at me because I'm a kid. Adults aren't always right or smart. What were you doing at my age? Did you think you would become a traveler like you are now? I'm a mathematician and plan to make a great living doing so!		Try showing some respect rather than laughing at me because I'm a kid. Adults aren't always right or smart. What were you doing at my age? Did you think you would become a traveler like you are now? I'm a mathematician and plan to make a great living doing so!		Try showing some respect rather than laughing at me because I'm a kid. Adults aren't always right or smart. What were you doing at my age? Did you think you would become a traveler like you are now? I'm a mathematician and plan to make a great living doing so!
					My mother says that I recited mathematics instead of crying when I was born. It shows you that I was different from the start, but everyone thinks it's absurd when I tell this story. Adults just don't listen to children!					My mother says that I recited mathematics instead of crying when I was born. It shows you that I was different from the start, but everyone thinks it's absurd when I tell this story. Adults just don't listen to children!		My mother says that I recited mathematics instead of crying when I was born. It shows you that I was different from the start, but everyone thinks it's absurd when I tell this story. Adults just don't listen to children!		My mother says that I recited mathematics instead of crying when I was born. It shows you that I was different from the start, but everyone thinks it's absurd when I tell this story. Adults just don't listen to children!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
216	<Citizen> Goada		<Citizen> Goada	100	I'm Goada of the Shump family. I represent my family and lead this village so it will someday be on level with Tullan. Ahh...sowing fields isn't an easy task.				100	I'm Goada of the Shump family. I represent my family and lead this village so it will someday be on level with Tullan. Ahh...sowing fields isn't an easy task.	100	I'm Goada of the Shump family. I represent my family and lead this village so it will someday be on level with Tullan. Ahh...sowing fields isn't an easy task.	100	I'm Goada of the Shump family. I represent my family and lead this village so it will someday be on level with Tullan. Ahh...sowing fields isn't an easy task.
					May disgrace and disaster fall on the Bacons! They have the audacity to say that all honor achieved in this village should go to them! I don't want to live under the same sky with robbers like them.					May disgrace and disaster fall on the Bacons! They have the audacity to say that all honor achieved in this village should go to them! I don't want to live under the same sky with robbers like them.		May disgrace and disaster fall on the Bacons! They have the audacity to say that all honor achieved in this village should go to them! I don't want to live under the same sky with robbers like them.		May disgrace and disaster fall on the Bacons! They have the audacity to say that all honor achieved in this village should go to them! I don't want to live under the same sky with robbers like them.
					My father said he gave me my name with the hopes I would become the best in the world. I'm a lot poorer than the stupid noblemen in Tullan, but you just wait. I'll make this village even greater than Tullan!					My father said he gave me my name with the hopes I would become the best in the world. I'm a lot poorer than the stupid noblemen in Tullan, but you just wait. I'll make this village even greater than Tullan!		My father said he gave me my name with the hopes I would become the best in the world. I'm a lot poorer than the stupid noblemen in Tullan, but you just wait. I'll make this village even greater than Tullan!		My father said he gave me my name with the hopes I would become the best in the world. I'm a lot poorer than the stupid noblemen in Tullan, but you just wait. I'll make this village even greater than Tullan!
					This village is no longer as peaceful as it used to be.  As you can see, we're practically living with the monsters. We're not strong enough to chase them out right away, but wait and see. Someday, I'll drive them away with my own hands!					This village is no longer as peaceful as it used to be.  As you can see, we're practically living with the monsters. We're not strong enough to chase them out right away, but wait and see. Someday, I'll drive them away with my own hands!		This village is no longer as peaceful as it used to be.  As you can see, we're practically living with the monsters. We're not strong enough to chase them out right away, but wait and see. Someday, I'll drive them away with my own hands!		This village is no longer as peaceful as it used to be.  As you can see, we're practically living with the monsters. We're not strong enough to chase them out right away, but wait and see. Someday, I'll drive them away with my own hands!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
217	<Citizen> Wellis		<Citizen> Wellis	100	I'm Well and I represent this village with my husband Good. Shump may look small, but it boasts a long history. It's a pity that it's only seen as a farmhouse to travelers these days. Then there are the monsters. Whewh......				100	I'm Well and I represent this village with my husband Good. Shump may look small, but it boasts a long history. It's a pity that it's only seen as a farmhouse to travelers these days. Then there are the monsters. Whewh......	100	I'm Well and I represent this village with my husband Good. Shump may look small, but it boasts a long history. It's a pity that it's only seen as a farmhouse to travelers these days. Then there are the monsters. Whewh......	100	I'm Well and I represent this village with my husband Good. Shump may look small, but it boasts a long history. It's a pity that it's only seen as a farmhouse to travelers these days. Then there are the monsters. Whewh......
					We defended this village even when Usus the Orc attacked. But we were so scared that we hid in the basement and only glanced outside. Anyway, my husband thinks it's honorable that we survived despite being so close to an Orc, but I don't think the residents of Beacon Village think that way.					We defended this village even when Usus the Orc attacked. But we were so scared that we hid in the basement and only glanced outside. Anyway, my husband thinks it's honorable that we survived despite being so close to an Orc, but I don't think the residents of Beacon Village think that way.		We defended this village even when Usus the Orc attacked. But we were so scared that we hid in the basement and only glanced outside. Anyway, my husband thinks it's honorable that we survived despite being so close to an Orc, but I don't think the residents of Beacon Village think that way.		We defended this village even when Usus the Orc attacked. But we were so scared that we hid in the basement and only glanced outside. Anyway, my husband thinks it's honorable that we survived despite being so close to an Orc, but I don't think the residents of Beacon Village think that way.
					The entire village is covered with monsters and we can no longer invite guests. My husband says it's okay, but I'm quite bored because we can't have our monthly meetings with other farmers.					The entire village is covered with monsters and we can no longer invite guests. My husband says it's okay, but I'm quite bored because we can't have our monthly meetings with other farmers.		The entire village is covered with monsters and we can no longer invite guests. My husband says it's okay, but I'm quite bored because we can't have our monthly meetings with other farmers.		The entire village is covered with monsters and we can no longer invite guests. My husband says it's okay, but I'm quite bored because we can't have our monthly meetings with other farmers.
					They say everything's going to work out. But you can't say that if you don't live here. How would you feel if you woke up in the morning and you only saw monsters? But for some reason, they don't hurt us. It's quite amazing.					They say everything's going to work out. But you can't say that if you don't live here. How would you feel if you woke up in the morning and you only saw monsters? But for some reason, they don't hurt us. It's quite amazing.		They say everything's going to work out. But you can't say that if you don't live here. How would you feel if you woke up in the morning and you only saw monsters? But for some reason, they don't hurt us. It's quite amazing.		They say everything's going to work out. But you can't say that if you don't live here. How would you feel if you woke up in the morning and you only saw monsters? But for some reason, they don't hurt us. It's quite amazing.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
218	<Citizen> Roten		<Citizen> Roten	100	(Sniff). Are you a spy sent by the Shumps? If not, then...... you certainly know a lot about me. I'm the head of the Beacon family here and am a skilled farmer. Soon, Beacon Village will defeat Shump Village.				100	(Sniff). Are you a spy sent by the Shumps? If not, then...... you certainly know a lot about me. I'm the head of the Beacon family here and am a skilled farmer. Soon, Beacon Village will defeat Shump Village.	100	(Sniff). Are you a spy sent by the Shumps? If not, then...... you certainly know a lot about me. I'm the head of the Beacon family here and am a skilled farmer. Soon, Beacon Village will defeat Shump Village.	100	(Sniff). Are you a spy sent by the Shumps? If not, then...... you certainly know a lot about me. I'm the head of the Beacon family here and am a skilled farmer. Soon, Beacon Village will defeat Shump Village.
					Good Shump is hot-tempered and hard to deal with. He is known to get angry more easily than monsters. You will find it a good way of living to ignore a rogue like him.					Good Shump is hot-tempered and hard to deal with. He is known to get angry more easily than monsters. You will find it a good way of living to ignore a rogue like him.		Good Shump is hot-tempered and hard to deal with. He is known to get angry more easily than monsters. You will find it a good way of living to ignore a rogue like him.		Good Shump is hot-tempered and hard to deal with. He is known to get angry more easily than monsters. You will find it a good way of living to ignore a rogue like him.
					If our ancestors originally came from Tullan Castle, Membreathen wouldn't have allowed our village to be packed with monsters. People these days lack understanding about land. Would they let monsters roam about like that if it were their land?					If our ancestors originally came from Tullan Castle, Membreathen wouldn't have allowed our village to be packed with monsters. People these days lack understanding about land. Would they let monsters roam about like that if it were their land?		If our ancestors originally came from Tullan Castle, Membreathen wouldn't have allowed our village to be packed with monsters. People these days lack understanding about land. Would they let monsters roam about like that if it were their land?		If our ancestors originally came from Tullan Castle, Membreathen wouldn't have allowed our village to be packed with monsters. People these days lack understanding about land. Would they let monsters roam about like that if it were their land?
					Oh, you have some news? My ancestors might've gone to Tullan as well if they'd known that keeping the village was such a boring job. Why don't I go now? I can't. How could I leave this place when my family has lived here for hundreds of years?					Oh, you have some news? My ancestors might've gone to Tullan as well if they'd known that keeping the village was such a boring job. Why don't I go now? I can't. How could I leave this place when my family has lived here for hundreds of years?		Oh, you have some news? My ancestors might've gone to Tullan as well if they'd known that keeping the village was such a boring job. Why don't I go now? I can't. How could I leave this place when my family has lived here for hundreds of years?		Oh, you have some news? My ancestors might've gone to Tullan as well if they'd known that keeping the village was such a boring job. Why don't I go now? I can't. How could I leave this place when my family has lived here for hundreds of years?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
219	<Citizen> Hame		<Citizen> Hame	100	My name is Ham. I don't like Shump Village, but I don't have the same hostile feelings as my brother. We just live together.				100	My name is Ham. I don't like Shump Village, but I don't have the same hostile feelings as my brother. We just live together.	100	My name is Ham. I don't like Shump Village, but I don't have the same hostile feelings as my brother. We just live together.	100	My name is Ham. I don't like Shump Village, but I don't have the same hostile feelings as my brother. We just live together.
					I'm worried that the crops aren't growing well these days. I'd like to go to Tullan, but my brother's really against it. We need to make a living though, don't we?					I'm worried that the crops aren't growing well these days. I'd like to go to Tullan, but my brother's really against it. We need to make a living though, don't we?		I'm worried that the crops aren't growing well these days. I'd like to go to Tullan, but my brother's really against it. We need to make a living though, don't we?		I'm worried that the crops aren't growing well these days. I'd like to go to Tullan, but my brother's really against it. We need to make a living though, don't we?
					Becoming a bard was my childhood dream, but my life now is far from that. I don't have any complaints, but I admit I do feel a little trapped here.					Becoming a bard was my childhood dream, but my life now is far from that. I don't have any complaints, but I admit I do feel a little trapped here.		Becoming a bard was my childhood dream, but my life now is far from that. I don't have any complaints, but I admit I do feel a little trapped here.		Becoming a bard was my childhood dream, but my life now is far from that. I don't have any complaints, but I admit I do feel a little trapped here.
					The Archlord, or whatever, doesn't mean much to us farmers. Of course, if we put the Archons on our plow and that gave us more crops, then we might think about it. But I guess that's impossible, huh?					The Archlord, or whatever, doesn't mean much to us farmers. Of course, if we put the Archons on our plow and that gave us more crops, then we might think about it. But I guess that's impossible, huh?		The Archlord, or whatever, doesn't mean much to us farmers. Of course, if we put the Archons on our plow and that gave us more crops, then we might think about it. But I guess that's impossible, huh?		The Archlord, or whatever, doesn't mean much to us farmers. Of course, if we put the Archons on our plow and that gave us more crops, then we might think about it. But I guess that's impossible, huh?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
220	<Stylist> Gladiol		<Stylist> Gladiol	100	A traveler's life is always the same. The night dew is his blanket and coarse food is his meal. Hehe. But there's something you don't know. That's why travelers all seem like barbarians with no character. Don't you want to look different from others? Then I'd recommend you get the help of a stylist.				100	A traveler's life is always the same. The night dew is his blanket and coarse food is his meal. Hehe. But there's something you don't know. That's why travelers all seem like barbarians with no character. Don't you want to look different from others? Then I'd recommend you get the help of a stylist.	100	A traveler's life is always the same. The night dew is his blanket and coarse food is his meal. Hehe. But there's something you don't know. That's why travelers all seem like barbarians with no character. Don't you want to look different from others? Then I'd recommend you get the help of a stylist.	100	A traveler's life is always the same. The night dew is his blanket and coarse food is his meal. Hehe. But there's something you don't know. That's why travelers all seem like barbarians with no character. Don't you want to look different from others? Then I'd recommend you get the help of a stylist.
					Hoho. These days, there are young women who walk around with make-up on and try to attract stupid fellows. Well, it's very foolish. Everything needs to be dealt with by specialists. Let me work on you and you'll obtain real beauty.					Hoho. These days, there are young women who walk around with make-up on and try to attract stupid fellows. Well, it's very foolish. Everything needs to be dealt with by specialists. Let me work on you and you'll obtain real beauty.		Hoho. These days, there are young women who walk around with make-up on and try to attract stupid fellows. Well, it's very foolish. Everything needs to be dealt with by specialists. Let me work on you and you'll obtain real beauty.		Hoho. These days, there are young women who walk around with make-up on and try to attract stupid fellows. Well, it's very foolish. Everything needs to be dealt with by specialists. Let me work on you and you'll obtain real beauty.
					I heard there are those who wish to be treated by a Stylist while in the state of metamorphosis. Well, it's quite foolish. Why should I adorn skeletons and goblin faces and put tattoos on their skin? You cannot use our store if you've changed your form using a metamorphosis potion.					I heard there are those who wish to be treated by a Stylist while in the state of metamorphosis. Well, it's quite foolish. Why should I adorn skeletons and goblin faces and put tattoos on their skin? You cannot use our store if you've changed your form using a metamorphosis potion.		I heard there are those who wish to be treated by a Stylist while in the state of metamorphosis. Well, it's quite foolish. Why should I adorn skeletons and goblin faces and put tattoos on their skin? You cannot use our store if you've changed your form using a metamorphosis potion.		I heard there are those who wish to be treated by a Stylist while in the state of metamorphosis. Well, it's quite foolish. Why should I adorn skeletons and goblin faces and put tattoos on their skin? You cannot use our store if you've changed your form using a metamorphosis potion.
					You might think there's a better surgeon in a bigger village, but it's not true. Skilled surgeons like myself are hidden in places like this. The popularity can be overwhelming and the jealousy difficult to handle. Hehe.					You might think there's a better surgeon in a bigger village, but it's not true. Skilled surgeons like myself are hidden in places like this. The popularity can be overwhelming and the jealousy difficult to handle. Hehe.		You might think there's a better surgeon in a bigger village, but it's not true. Skilled surgeons like myself are hidden in places like this. The popularity can be overwhelming and the jealousy difficult to handle. Hehe.		You might think there's a better surgeon in a bigger village, but it's not true. Skilled surgeons like myself are hidden in places like this. The popularity can be overwhelming and the jealousy difficult to handle. Hehe.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
221	<Stylist> Lana		<Stylist> Lana	100	Delfaras is a beautiful city, but underneath the facade is a struggle over riches. What could I do for a city that's so different on the outside? After thought, I decided to give up my job as a painter and become a stylist. I'll work until the day everyone is satisfied.				100	Delfaras is a beautiful city, but underneath the facade is a struggle over riches. What could I do for a city that's so different on the outside? After thought, I decided to give up my job as a painter and become a stylist. I'll work until the day everyone is satisfied.	100	Delfaras is a beautiful city, but underneath the facade is a struggle over riches. What could I do for a city that's so different on the outside? After thought, I decided to give up my job as a painter and become a stylist. I'll work until the day everyone is satisfied.	100	Delfaras is a beautiful city, but underneath the facade is a struggle over riches. What could I do for a city that's so different on the outside? After thought, I decided to give up my job as a painter and become a stylist. I'll work until the day everyone is satisfied.
					There are many types of paintings in the world, but I think they should make the world beautiful. A stylist's job is the same. Confronting a beautiful face makes your day happier and changes your life. Of course, the standard of beauty differs according to taste. But everyone who's been operated on by me has been satisfied.					There are many types of paintings in the world, but I think they should make the world beautiful. A stylist's job is the same. Confronting a beautiful face makes your day happier and changes your life. Of course, the standard of beauty differs according to taste. But everyone who's been operated on by me has been satisfied.		There are many types of paintings in the world, but I think they should make the world beautiful. A stylist's job is the same. Confronting a beautiful face makes your day happier and changes your life. Of course, the standard of beauty differs according to taste. But everyone who's been operated on by me has been satisfied.		There are many types of paintings in the world, but I think they should make the world beautiful. A stylist's job is the same. Confronting a beautiful face makes your day happier and changes your life. Of course, the standard of beauty differs according to taste. But everyone who's been operated on by me has been satisfied.
					You have a real disturbing hobby. Can you change your looks in the state of metamorphosis? Of course, not. The potion used for metamorphosis is not the same as the beauty potion as it causes an intense magical side effect. Unless you want to have skin rash, give it away.					You have a real disturbing hobby. Can you change your looks in the state of metamorphosis? Of course, not. The potion used for metamorphosis is not the same as the beauty potion as it causes an intense magical side effect. Unless you want to have skin rash, give it away.		You have a real disturbing hobby. Can you change your looks in the state of metamorphosis? Of course, not. The potion used for metamorphosis is not the same as the beauty potion as it causes an intense magical side effect. Unless you want to have skin rash, give it away.		You have a real disturbing hobby. Can you change your looks in the state of metamorphosis? Of course, not. The potion used for metamorphosis is not the same as the beauty potion as it causes an intense magical side effect. Unless you want to have skin rash, give it away.
					Travelers have a quick temper and always try to rush you. But now that I have a tool in my hand, I can't send you off that easily. Only those who understand my intricate and sincere handwork have the right to accept my skills. If you don't like my work, go see another surgeon.					Travelers have a quick temper and always try to rush you. But now that I have a tool in my hand, I can't send you off that easily. Only those who understand my intricate and sincere handwork have the right to accept my skills. If you don't like my work, go see another surgeon.		Travelers have a quick temper and always try to rush you. But now that I have a tool in my hand, I can't send you off that easily. Only those who understand my intricate and sincere handwork have the right to accept my skills. If you don't like my work, go see another surgeon.		Travelers have a quick temper and always try to rush you. But now that I have a tool in my hand, I can't send you off that easily. Only those who understand my intricate and sincere handwork have the right to accept my skills. If you don't like my work, go see another surgeon.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
222	<Stylist> Judice		<Stylist> Judice	100	Oh, you're really lucky. I'm sure you know what it means to meet a Stylist like me in this city. That's right. It's like finding an oasis in a desert. I'm different to all the others. Get to know me well and you'll become a real popular traveler.				100	Oh, you're really lucky. I'm sure you know what it means to meet a Stylist like me in this city. That's right. It's like finding an oasis in a desert. I'm different to all the others. Get to know me well and you'll become a real popular traveler.	100	Oh, you're really lucky. I'm sure you know what it means to meet a Stylist like me in this city. That's right. It's like finding an oasis in a desert. I'm different to all the others. Get to know me well and you'll become a real popular traveler.	100	Oh, you're really lucky. I'm sure you know what it means to meet a Stylist like me in this city. That's right. It's like finding an oasis in a desert. I'm different to all the others. Get to know me well and you'll become a real popular traveler.
					Tullan is far from glamorous. At first, I didn't like this fact, but the more travelers I met, the more I became attracted to the city. The dirtier a place is, the more it's worth cleaning up. The more barbaric a traveler is, the more it's necessary to make them attractive! Doesn't that sound right? Of course it does! It's the truth!					Tullan is far from glamorous. At first, I didn't like this fact, but the more travelers I met, the more I became attracted to the city. The dirtier a place is, the more it's worth cleaning up. The more barbaric a traveler is, the more it's necessary to make them attractive! Doesn't that sound right? Of course it does! It's the truth!		Tullan is far from glamorous. At first, I didn't like this fact, but the more travelers I met, the more I became attracted to the city. The dirtier a place is, the more it's worth cleaning up. The more barbaric a traveler is, the more it's necessary to make them attractive! Doesn't that sound right? Of course it does! It's the truth!		Tullan is far from glamorous. At first, I didn't like this fact, but the more travelers I met, the more I became attracted to the city. The dirtier a place is, the more it's worth cleaning up. The more barbaric a traveler is, the more it's necessary to make them attractive! Doesn't that sound right? Of course it does! It's the truth!
					I'm not originally from here. I'm from a small village you've probably never heard of. But with great hopes, I participated in the Stylist competition held here and was awarded the Encouragement Award. I was good enough to take first place, but was ousted by the people here who aren't friendly to foreigners. That's why I settled down here. I'm going to become one of them and take first place.					I'm not originally from here. I'm from a small village you've probably never heard of. But with great hopes, I participated in the Stylist competition held here and was awarded the Encouragement Award. I was good enough to take first place, but was ousted by the people here who aren't friendly to foreigners. That's why I settled down here. I'm going to become one of them and take first place.		I'm not originally from here. I'm from a small village you've probably never heard of. But with great hopes, I participated in the Stylist competition held here and was awarded the Encouragement Award. I was good enough to take first place, but was ousted by the people here who aren't friendly to foreigners. That's why I settled down here. I'm going to become one of them and take first place.		I'm not originally from here. I'm from a small village you've probably never heard of. But with great hopes, I participated in the Stylist competition held here and was awarded the Encouragement Award. I was good enough to take first place, but was ousted by the people here who aren't friendly to foreigners. That's why I settled down here. I'm going to become one of them and take first place.
					Fool. Do you think I'll let you use my shop when you've undergone metamorphosis? You're lucky I didn't slap you for showing up in such a shabby state. What were you thinking? Let me say again that you can't see a Stylist when you're in a state of metamorphosis!					Fool. Do you think I'll let you use my shop when you've undergone metamorphosis? You're lucky I didn't slap you for showing up in such a shabby state. What were you thinking? Let me say again that you can't see a Stylist when you're in a state of metamorphosis!		Fool. Do you think I'll let you use my shop when you've undergone metamorphosis? You're lucky I didn't slap you for showing up in such a shabby state. What were you thinking? Let me say again that you can't see a Stylist when you're in a state of metamorphosis!		Fool. Do you think I'll let you use my shop when you've undergone metamorphosis? You're lucky I didn't slap you for showing up in such a shabby state. What were you thinking? Let me say again that you can't see a Stylist when you're in a state of metamorphosis!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
223	<Stylist> Powdell		<Stylist> Powdell	100	Orcs pay no attention to adorning themselves. I just don't understand them. I can only say that they have no idea how important it is for your looks to have a personality to go with it. That's why I came here and I'm working as a stylist. Would you like my help?				100	Orcs pay no attention to adorning themselves. I just don't understand them. I can only say that they have no idea how important it is for your looks to have a personality to go with it. That's why I came here and I'm working as a stylist. Would you like my help?	100	Orcs pay no attention to adorning themselves. I just don't understand them. I can only say that they have no idea how important it is for your looks to have a personality to go with it. That's why I came here and I'm working as a stylist. Would you like my help?	100	Orcs pay no attention to adorning themselves. I just don't understand them. I can only say that they have no idea how important it is for your looks to have a personality to go with it. That's why I came here and I'm working as a stylist. Would you like my help?
					I can't say I'm precise. An Elf shouldn't be like this? Do you think Elves are cast from the same mold or something? All Elves are different. You must think that all Orcs are ferocious and all Humans are wicked. If not, please don't discriminate against different races.					I can't say I'm precise. An Elf shouldn't be like this? Do you think Elves are cast from the same mold or something? All Elves are different. You must think that all Orcs are ferocious and all Humans are wicked. If not, please don't discriminate against different races.		I can't say I'm precise. An Elf shouldn't be like this? Do you think Elves are cast from the same mold or something? All Elves are different. You must think that all Orcs are ferocious and all Humans are wicked. If not, please don't discriminate against different races.		I can't say I'm precise. An Elf shouldn't be like this? Do you think Elves are cast from the same mold or something? All Elves are different. You must think that all Orcs are ferocious and all Humans are wicked. If not, please don't discriminate against different races.
					We Elves may be skilled stylists, but we're not powerful enough to work on a traveler who's in a state of metamorphosis. To put it simply, even the Elementals can't do that. It's impossible to work on someone who doesn't have their own image. Keep that in mind.					We Elves may be skilled stylists, but we're not powerful enough to work on a traveler who's in a state of metamorphosis. To put it simply, even the Elementals can't do that. It's impossible to work on someone who doesn't have their own image. Keep that in mind.		We Elves may be skilled stylists, but we're not powerful enough to work on a traveler who's in a state of metamorphosis. To put it simply, even the Elementals can't do that. It's impossible to work on someone who doesn't have their own image. Keep that in mind.		We Elves may be skilled stylists, but we're not powerful enough to work on a traveler who's in a state of metamorphosis. To put it simply, even the Elementals can't do that. It's impossible to work on someone who doesn't have their own image. Keep that in mind.
					You look like you're tired of traveling. Appearance is important, but so is a good heart. Let me tell you a funny story about a traveler who came to me not so long ago. He wanted to look very different from others so I used a stronger drug on him and ended up making him lose his hair. Do you think that's funny?					You look like you're tired of traveling. Appearance is important, but so is a good heart. Let me tell you a funny story about a traveler who came to me not so long ago. He wanted to look very different from others so I used a stronger drug on him and ended up making him lose his hair. Do you think that's funny?		You look like you're tired of traveling. Appearance is important, but so is a good heart. Let me tell you a funny story about a traveler who came to me not so long ago. He wanted to look very different from others so I used a stronger drug on him and ended up making him lose his hair. Do you think that's funny?		You look like you're tired of traveling. Appearance is important, but so is a good heart. Let me tell you a funny story about a traveler who came to me not so long ago. He wanted to look very different from others so I used a stronger drug on him and ended up making him lose his hair. Do you think that's funny?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
224	<Stylist> Aicien		<Stylist> Aicien	100	Oh, my.. I don't like the look in your eyes. Travelers these days don't even have basic knowledge. What were you thinking? You get the best treatment from a Stylist, but you don't deserve it acting like that! Tsk, tsk... You need an entire fix-up for both your body and your mind.				100	Oh, my.. I don't like the look in your eyes. Travelers these days don't even have basic knowledge. What were you thinking? You get the best treatment from a Stylist, but you don't deserve it acting like that! Tsk, tsk... You need an entire fix-up for both your body and your mind.	100	Oh, my.. I don't like the look in your eyes. Travelers these days don't even have basic knowledge. What were you thinking? You get the best treatment from a Stylist, but you don't deserve it acting like that! Tsk, tsk... You need an entire fix-up for both your body and your mind.	100	Oh, my.. I don't like the look in your eyes. Travelers these days don't even have basic knowledge. What were you thinking? You get the best treatment from a Stylist, but you don't deserve it acting like that! Tsk, tsk... You need an entire fix-up for both your body and your mind.
					Fool! It's no use coming here when you're in a state of metamorphosis. I'm not being stubborn or saying this because I'm not good enough. You drank the metamorphosis potion and look like a monster. And you want me to adorn you with a tattoo? What are you thinking? Use your brains.					Fool! It's no use coming here when you're in a state of metamorphosis. I'm not being stubborn or saying this because I'm not good enough. You drank the metamorphosis potion and look like a monster. And you want me to adorn you with a tattoo? What are you thinking? Use your brains.		Fool! It's no use coming here when you're in a state of metamorphosis. I'm not being stubborn or saying this because I'm not good enough. You drank the metamorphosis potion and look like a monster. And you want me to adorn you with a tattoo? What are you thinking? Use your brains.		Fool! It's no use coming here when you're in a state of metamorphosis. I'm not being stubborn or saying this because I'm not good enough. You drank the metamorphosis potion and look like a monster. And you want me to adorn you with a tattoo? What are you thinking? Use your brains.
					Powdell in Golundo is my older sister. We used to compete against each other to see who was the better stylist, but as angry as it made me, she was acknowledged more for her skills. I simply could not accept that. So when she left the village, I followed her. I'm training myself now and then I'm going to prove once and for all that I'm better than her!					Powdell in Golundo is my older sister. We used to compete against each other to see who was the better stylist, but as angry as it made me, she was acknowledged more for her skills. I simply could not accept that. So when she left the village, I followed her. I'm training myself now and then I'm going to prove once and for all that I'm better than her!		Powdell in Golundo is my older sister. We used to compete against each other to see who was the better stylist, but as angry as it made me, she was acknowledged more for her skills. I simply could not accept that. So when she left the village, I followed her. I'm training myself now and then I'm going to prove once and for all that I'm better than her!		Powdell in Golundo is my older sister. We used to compete against each other to see who was the better stylist, but as angry as it made me, she was acknowledged more for her skills. I simply could not accept that. So when she left the village, I followed her. I'm training myself now and then I'm going to prove once and for all that I'm better than her!
					You want me to speak like an Elf and act accordingly? You're prejudiced. I know that a variety of things can happen when you meet many travelers. I'll act exactly as I please. So stop interfering and scram.					You want me to speak like an Elf and act accordingly? You're prejudiced. I know that a variety of things can happen when you meet many travelers. I'll act exactly as I please. So stop interfering and scram.		You want me to speak like an Elf and act accordingly? You're prejudiced. I know that a variety of things can happen when you meet many travelers. I'll act exactly as I please. So stop interfering and scram.		You want me to speak like an Elf and act accordingly? You're prejudiced. I know that a variety of things can happen when you meet many travelers. I'll act exactly as I please. So stop interfering and scram.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
225	<Stylist> Domion		<Stylist> Domion	100	I don't want to brag, but I'm Domion and my name is synonymous with plastic surgery. It's because I'm the Stylist of Trilgard. I'm not any ordinary Stylist, but one that used to work next to the Great King. I work for travelers now, but keep that in mind.				100	I don't want to brag, but I'm Domion and my name is synonymous with plastic surgery. It's because I'm the Stylist of Trilgard. I'm not any ordinary Stylist, but one that used to work next to the Great King. I work for travelers now, but keep that in mind.	100	I don't want to brag, but I'm Domion and my name is synonymous with plastic surgery. It's because I'm the Stylist of Trilgard. I'm not any ordinary Stylist, but one that used to work next to the Great King. I work for travelers now, but keep that in mind.	100	I don't want to brag, but I'm Domion and my name is synonymous with plastic surgery. It's because I'm the Stylist of Trilgard. I'm not any ordinary Stylist, but one that used to work next to the Great King. I work for travelers now, but keep that in mind.
					I know it's unusual for an Elf to work for the King of the Orcs, but I'm very happy here. Although I still don't know why I was expelled from the palace and had to move here. If possible I want to keep doing this, Orcs have many aspects that grab the attention of a Stylist.					I know it's unusual for an Elf to work for the King of the Orcs, but I'm very happy here. Although I still don't know why I was expelled from the palace and had to move here. If possible I want to keep doing this, Orcs have many aspects that grab the attention of a Stylist.		I know it's unusual for an Elf to work for the King of the Orcs, but I'm very happy here. Although I still don't know why I was expelled from the palace and had to move here. If possible I want to keep doing this, Orcs have many aspects that grab the attention of a Stylist.		I know it's unusual for an Elf to work for the King of the Orcs, but I'm very happy here. Although I still don't know why I was expelled from the palace and had to move here. If possible I want to keep doing this, Orcs have many aspects that grab the attention of a Stylist.
					Orcs have rough skin and coarse hair, so it's not easy to change them using normal methods. In a way, they need something entirely different from us Elves. That creates many variables and makes research more fun and interesting. Oh, I don't experiment on travelers, so don't worry					Orcs have rough skin and coarse hair, so it's not easy to change them using normal methods. In a way, they need something entirely different from us Elves. That creates many variables and makes research more fun and interesting. Oh, I don't experiment on travelers, so don't worry		Orcs have rough skin and coarse hair, so it's not easy to change them using normal methods. In a way, they need something entirely different from us Elves. That creates many variables and makes research more fun and interesting. Oh, I don't experiment on travelers, so don't worry		Orcs have rough skin and coarse hair, so it's not easy to change them using normal methods. In a way, they need something entirely different from us Elves. That creates many variables and makes research more fun and interesting. Oh, I don't experiment on travelers, so don't worry
					I may love research, but I'm not foolish enough to attempt something that I consider impossible. For example, altering someone when they're in a state of metamorphosis. How could you do that when you're not your own self? A Stylist can do his/her job only when the traveler is in his/her original state.					I may love research, but I'm not foolish enough to attempt something that I consider impossible. For example, altering someone when they're in a state of metamorphosis. How could you do that when you're not your own self? A Stylist can do his/her job only when the traveler is in his/her original state.		I may love research, but I'm not foolish enough to attempt something that I consider impossible. For example, altering someone when they're in a state of metamorphosis. How could you do that when you're not your own self? A Stylist can do his/her job only when the traveler is in his/her original state.		I may love research, but I'm not foolish enough to attempt something that I consider impossible. For example, altering someone when they're in a state of metamorphosis. How could you do that when you're not your own self? A Stylist can do his/her job only when the traveler is in his/her original state.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
226	<Nobleman> Biltmos		<Nobleman> Biltmos	100	I'm the richest man in the city next to His Majesty and I'm powerful enough to effect the economy of neighboring cities. That's why people show a form of respect whenever they see me. What? You have yet to see this? Impossible!				100	I'm the richest man in the city next to His Majesty and I'm powerful enough to effect the economy of neighboring cities. That's why people show a form of respect whenever they see me. What? You have yet to see this? Impossible!	100	I'm the richest man in the city next to His Majesty and I'm powerful enough to effect the economy of neighboring cities. That's why people show a form of respect whenever they see me. What? You have yet to see this? Impossible!	100	I'm the richest man in the city next to His Majesty and I'm powerful enough to effect the economy of neighboring cities. That's why people show a form of respect whenever they see me. What? You have yet to see this? Impossible!
					They say Tullan is not like it used to be. 'Chaos' is what they call this but a real rich man must know how to use such crisis. More riches will be available to those who have a good understanding of the situation. That's how I became rich, traveler. You watch and learn.					They say Tullan is not like it used to be. 'Chaos' is what they call this but a real rich man must know how to use such crisis. More riches will be available to those who have a good understanding of the situation. That's how I became rich, traveler. You watch and learn.		They say Tullan is not like it used to be. 'Chaos' is what they call this but a real rich man must know how to use such crisis. More riches will be available to those who have a good understanding of the situation. That's how I became rich, traveler. You watch and learn.		They say Tullan is not like it used to be. 'Chaos' is what they call this but a real rich man must know how to use such crisis. More riches will be available to those who have a good understanding of the situation. That's how I became rich, traveler. You watch and learn.
					There are quite a few citizens who resist noblemen. Are you one of them? As long as you live in a city, you must accept the difference between the rich and the poor. As much as we own, we live up to it and do our duties.					There are quite a few citizens who resist noblemen. Are you one of them? As long as you live in a city, you must accept the difference between the rich and the poor. As much as we own, we live up to it and do our duties.		There are quite a few citizens who resist noblemen. Are you one of them? As long as you live in a city, you must accept the difference between the rich and the poor. As much as we own, we live up to it and do our duties.		There are quite a few citizens who resist noblemen. Are you one of them? As long as you live in a city, you must accept the difference between the rich and the poor. As much as we own, we live up to it and do our duties.
					My younger brother, Cosmos, is also quite rich, but not as rich as I am. I've heard he's increased his wealth through various businesses, but a nobleman should never openly engage in commercial activities. I believe earning money in a carefree manner like myself is the way of a real nobleman.					My younger brother, Cosmos, is also quite rich, but not as rich as I am. I've heard he's increased his wealth through various businesses, but a nobleman should never openly engage in commercial activities. I believe earning money in a carefree manner like myself is the way of a real nobleman.		My younger brother, Cosmos, is also quite rich, but not as rich as I am. I've heard he's increased his wealth through various businesses, but a nobleman should never openly engage in commercial activities. I believe earning money in a carefree manner like myself is the way of a real nobleman.		My younger brother, Cosmos, is also quite rich, but not as rich as I am. I've heard he's increased his wealth through various businesses, but a nobleman should never openly engage in commercial activities. I believe earning money in a carefree manner like myself is the way of a real nobleman.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
227	<Nobleman> Cosmos		<Nobleman> Cosmos	100	Oh, my.. It's so wrong to speak of this city without mentioning me. Don't you think so? I have this city's fortunes in my hands. Well, they say my brother is richer than I am, but I'm actually richer than him if you count potential wealth too. But I can't tell you what that is! Hahaha!				100	Oh, my.. It's so wrong to speak of this city without mentioning me. Don't you think so? I have this city's fortunes in my hands. Well, they say my brother is richer than I am, but I'm actually richer than him if you count potential wealth too. But I can't tell you what that is! Hahaha!	100	Oh, my.. It's so wrong to speak of this city without mentioning me. Don't you think so? I have this city's fortunes in my hands. Well, they say my brother is richer than I am, but I'm actually richer than him if you count potential wealth too. But I can't tell you what that is! Hahaha!	100	Oh, my.. It's so wrong to speak of this city without mentioning me. Don't you think so? I have this city's fortunes in my hands. Well, they say my brother is richer than I am, but I'm actually richer than him if you count potential wealth too. But I can't tell you what that is! Hahaha!
					I don't hate travelers, but I'm not happy about you approaching me. No, I don't feel threatened or anything, do you see the clothes I'm wearing? I need to take care of myself in order to look neat, but the dust that you bring is dirty. So please take a step back if you wish to talk to me.					I don't hate travelers, but I'm not happy about you approaching me. No, I don't feel threatened or anything, do you see the clothes I'm wearing? I need to take care of myself in order to look neat, but the dust that you bring is dirty. So please take a step back if you wish to talk to me.		I don't hate travelers, but I'm not happy about you approaching me. No, I don't feel threatened or anything, do you see the clothes I'm wearing? I need to take care of myself in order to look neat, but the dust that you bring is dirty. So please take a step back if you wish to talk to me.		I don't hate travelers, but I'm not happy about you approaching me. No, I don't feel threatened or anything, do you see the clothes I'm wearing? I need to take care of myself in order to look neat, but the dust that you bring is dirty. So please take a step back if you wish to talk to me.
					Don't the clothes I'm wearing make me look elegant? I don't dare stand near merchants at markets. Travelers like you...I guess are okay. People like you make my life richer. I guess I should consider you a future customer of mine.					Don't the clothes I'm wearing make me look elegant? I don't dare stand near merchants at markets. Travelers like you...I guess are okay. People like you make my life richer. I guess I should consider you a future customer of mine.		Don't the clothes I'm wearing make me look elegant? I don't dare stand near merchants at markets. Travelers like you...I guess are okay. People like you make my life richer. I guess I should consider you a future customer of mine.		Don't the clothes I'm wearing make me look elegant? I don't dare stand near merchants at markets. Travelers like you...I guess are okay. People like you make my life richer. I guess I should consider you a future customer of mine.
					I also travel far away once in a while. Of course, I go with my knights. Otherwise, I couldn't let my noble self onto the rough plains. If you think about the importance of my role in this city, you'll understand.					I also travel far away once in a while. Of course, I go with my knights. Otherwise, I couldn't let my noble self onto the rough plains. If you think about the importance of my role in this city, you'll understand.		I also travel far away once in a while. Of course, I go with my knights. Otherwise, I couldn't let my noble self onto the rough plains. If you think about the importance of my role in this city, you'll understand.		I also travel far away once in a while. Of course, I go with my knights. Otherwise, I couldn't let my noble self onto the rough plains. If you think about the importance of my role in this city, you'll understand.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
228	<Hunter> Trigger		<Hunter> Trigger	100	Ahem. Why is a traveler bothering me? Go on and stop hassling me. Haven't you seen a hunter before? Do you want to say something to me? If you keep this up traveler I'm going to get very angry.				100	Ahem. Why is a traveler bothering me? Go on and stop hassling me. Haven't you seen a hunter before? Do you want to say something to me? If you keep this up traveler I'm going to get very angry.	100	Ahem. Why is a traveler bothering me? Go on and stop hassling me. Haven't you seen a hunter before? Do you want to say something to me? If you keep this up traveler I'm going to get very angry.	100	Ahem. Why is a traveler bothering me? Go on and stop hassling me. Haven't you seen a hunter before? Do you want to say something to me? If you keep this up traveler I'm going to get very angry.
					Whoa. I really don't know what I'm doing in this castle. I used to live in Redderhood, which is the home of us pride-filled hunters! But we can no longer call it our home after the monsters took it from us. Someday we'll get it back!					Whoa. I really don't know what I'm doing in this castle. I used to live in Redderhood, which is the home of us pride-filled hunters! But we can no longer call it our home after the monsters took it from us. Someday we'll get it back!		Whoa. I really don't know what I'm doing in this castle. I used to live in Redderhood, which is the home of us pride-filled hunters! But we can no longer call it our home after the monsters took it from us. Someday we'll get it back!		Whoa. I really don't know what I'm doing in this castle. I used to live in Redderhood, which is the home of us pride-filled hunters! But we can no longer call it our home after the monsters took it from us. Someday we'll get it back!
					Redderhood, the land of hunters. Village of hunters. It flourished while Radeus III was alive. But since Cadion II took the throne, things haven't been so good. Maybe it's because he's weak. Shhhhh... Don't say this anywhere else.					Redderhood, the land of hunters. Village of hunters. It flourished while Radeus III was alive. But since Cadion II took the throne, things haven't been so good. Maybe it's because he's weak. Shhhhh... Don't say this anywhere else.		Redderhood, the land of hunters. Village of hunters. It flourished while Radeus III was alive. But since Cadion II took the throne, things haven't been so good. Maybe it's because he's weak. Shhhhh... Don't say this anywhere else.		Redderhood, the land of hunters. Village of hunters. It flourished while Radeus III was alive. But since Cadion II took the throne, things haven't been so good. Maybe it's because he's weak. Shhhhh... Don't say this anywhere else.
					You lift your bow...and aim it at an animal's heart. It's a real thrill! But I haven't been able to experience such thrills since I left Redderhood. You can't freely hunt as you wish here. Oh, I wish that the Archlord would appear and create new hunting grounds.					You lift your bow...and aim it at an animal's heart. It's a real thrill! But I haven't been able to experience such thrills since I left Redderhood. You can't freely hunt as you wish here. Oh, I wish that the Archlord would appear and create new hunting grounds.		You lift your bow...and aim it at an animal's heart. It's a real thrill! But I haven't been able to experience such thrills since I left Redderhood. You can't freely hunt as you wish here. Oh, I wish that the Archlord would appear and create new hunting grounds.		You lift your bow...and aim it at an animal's heart. It's a real thrill! But I haven't been able to experience such thrills since I left Redderhood. You can't freely hunt as you wish here. Oh, I wish that the Archlord would appear and create new hunting grounds.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
229	<Innkeeper> Badwell		<Innkeeper> Badwell	100	Hey, travelers are our friends. Welcome. Welcome! It's our policy here to receive new guests like regulars and regulars like new guests. It's a pleasure to meet someone great like you.				100	Hey, travelers are our friends. Welcome. Welcome! It's our policy here to receive new guests like regulars and regulars like new guests. It's a pleasure to meet someone great like you.	100	Hey, travelers are our friends. Welcome. Welcome! It's our policy here to receive new guests like regulars and regulars like new guests. It's a pleasure to meet someone great like you.	100	Hey, travelers are our friends. Welcome. Welcome! It's our policy here to receive new guests like regulars and regulars like new guests. It's a pleasure to meet someone great like you.
					They say I probably made a lot of money running this business, but the profit's neither good nor bad. But I continue this work because I can meet travelers. It's certainly not because I'm after their money.					They say I probably made a lot of money running this business, but the profit's neither good nor bad. But I continue this work because I can meet travelers. It's certainly not because I'm after their money.		They say I probably made a lot of money running this business, but the profit's neither good nor bad. But I continue this work because I can meet travelers. It's certainly not because I'm after their money.		They say I probably made a lot of money running this business, but the profit's neither good nor bad. But I continue this work because I can meet travelers. It's certainly not because I'm after their money.
					Some criticize me for kicking out those who eat and sleep here without paying. But I think they'd understand if they were in my shoes. I charge all travelers the same, so I'm just being fair.					Some criticize me for kicking out those who eat and sleep here without paying. But I think they'd understand if they were in my shoes. I charge all travelers the same, so I'm just being fair.		Some criticize me for kicking out those who eat and sleep here without paying. But I think they'd understand if they were in my shoes. I charge all travelers the same, so I'm just being fair.		Some criticize me for kicking out those who eat and sleep here without paying. But I think they'd understand if they were in my shoes. I charge all travelers the same, so I'm just being fair.
					I've been to different places, but I've never found an Inn that satisfies customers like mine does. I saw one in a MoonElf village once and seeing as they're not really our competitors, I copied their style. Recently, we've been having more and more MoonElves come here, so we're trying to incorporate more of their styles into the place.					I've been to different places, but I've never found an Inn that satisfies customers like mine does. I saw one in a MoonElf village once and seeing as they're not really our competitors, I copied their style. Recently, we've been having more and more MoonElves come here, so we're trying to incorporate more of their styles into the place.		I've been to different places, but I've never found an Inn that satisfies customers like mine does. I saw one in a MoonElf village once and seeing as they're not really our competitors, I copied their style. Recently, we've been having more and more MoonElves come here, so we're trying to incorporate more of their styles into the place.		I've been to different places, but I've never found an Inn that satisfies customers like mine does. I saw one in a MoonElf village once and seeing as they're not really our competitors, I copied their style. Recently, we've been having more and more MoonElves come here, so we're trying to incorporate more of their styles into the place.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
230	<Summoner> Altman		<Summoner> Altman	100	The world is made up of different things. Sound, color, floating clouds, etc. But those are things we can see and feel. But what lies beyond what we can see and feel? Finding this out is what we summoners do. Do you wish to join us in our pursuit? By the way, you can take some time off with me. Just like the floating clouds and the flowing streams......				100	The world is made up of different things. Sound, color, floating clouds, etc. But those are things we can see and feel. But what lies beyond what we can see and feel? Finding this out is what we summoners do. Do you wish to join us in our pursuit? By the way, you can take some time off with me. Just like the floating clouds and the flowing streams......	100	The world is made up of different things. Sound, color, floating clouds, etc. But those are things we can see and feel. But what lies beyond what we can see and feel? Finding this out is what we summoners do. Do you wish to join us in our pursuit? By the way, you can take some time off with me. Just like the floating clouds and the flowing streams......	100	The world is made up of different things. Sound, color, floating clouds, etc. But those are things we can see and feel. But what lies beyond what we can see and feel? Finding this out is what we summoners do. Do you wish to join us in our pursuit? By the way, you can take some time off with me. Just like the floating clouds and the flowing streams......
					The art of summoning is just one of my abilities. I'm not so good to the point where I can show off my skills in front of others. But there are too many here in Tullan who strive to be the best in other fields that I'm good at. The only field in which I can really excel them is summoning. But there aren't many customers.					The art of summoning is just one of my abilities. I'm not so good to the point where I can show off my skills in front of others. But there are too many here in Tullan who strive to be the best in other fields that I'm good at. The only field in which I can really excel them is summoning. But there aren't many customers.		The art of summoning is just one of my abilities. I'm not so good to the point where I can show off my skills in front of others. But there are too many here in Tullan who strive to be the best in other fields that I'm good at. The only field in which I can really excel them is summoning. But there aren't many customers.		The art of summoning is just one of my abilities. I'm not so good to the point where I can show off my skills in front of others. But there are too many here in Tullan who strive to be the best in other fields that I'm good at. The only field in which I can really excel them is summoning. But there aren't many customers.
					Summoning is greatly influenced not only by mental processes, but also by magical powers and equipment. The equipment that I want is called the 'Link of Enchantment' and it costs a whopping 10 quadrillion gold!! It's unbelievably expensive, but they say it's molded once every 10 years. I'll have to save up a lot so I can buy it someday.					Summoning is greatly influenced not only by mental processes, but also by magical powers and equipment. The equipment that I want is called the 'Link of Enchantment' and it costs a whopping 10 quadrillion gold!! It's unbelievably expensive, but they say it's molded once every 10 years. I'll have to save up a lot so I can buy it someday.		Summoning is greatly influenced not only by mental processes, but also by magical powers and equipment. The equipment that I want is called the 'Link of Enchantment' and it costs a whopping 10 quadrillion gold!! It's unbelievably expensive, but they say it's molded once every 10 years. I'll have to save up a lot so I can buy it someday.		Summoning is greatly influenced not only by mental processes, but also by magical powers and equipment. The equipment that I want is called the 'Link of Enchantment' and it costs a whopping 10 quadrillion gold!! It's unbelievably expensive, but they say it's molded once every 10 years. I'll have to save up a lot so I can buy it someday.
					A summoner and an Elementalist are totally different. A summoner temporarily summons magic beings from another world and discharges that energy. But an Elementalist can make Elemental Beasts remain next to him, which is basically made by forming the Elementals. The power of summoning depends on the power of the magic being, but that of Elemental Beasts is accurately proportionate to the power of the Elementalist.					A summoner and an Elementalist are totally different. A summoner temporarily summons magic beings from another world and discharges that energy. But an Elementalist can make Elemental Beasts remain next to him, which is basically made by forming the Elementals. The power of summoning depends on the power of the magic being, but that of Elemental Beasts is accurately proportionate to the power of the Elementalist.		A summoner and an Elementalist are totally different. A summoner temporarily summons magic beings from another world and discharges that energy. But an Elementalist can make Elemental Beasts remain next to him, which is basically made by forming the Elementals. The power of summoning depends on the power of the magic being, but that of Elemental Beasts is accurately proportionate to the power of the Elementalist.		A summoner and an Elementalist are totally different. A summoner temporarily summons magic beings from another world and discharges that energy. But an Elementalist can make Elemental Beasts remain next to him, which is basically made by forming the Elementals. The power of summoning depends on the power of the magic being, but that of Elemental Beasts is accurately proportionate to the power of the Elementalist.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
231	<Judge> Farianelle		<Judge> Farianelle	100	Everything is decided according to the wishes of the Elementals, so there's no use in rushing. Oh traveler, do you feel the energy when between the trees of Shinewood? Natures power flows through those woods.				100	Everything is decided according to the wishes of the Elementals, so there's no use in rushing. Oh traveler, do you feel the energy when between the trees of Shinewood? Natures power flows through those woods.	100	Everything is decided according to the wishes of the Elementals, so there's no use in rushing. Oh traveler, do you feel the energy when between the trees of Shinewood? Natures power flows through those woods.	100	Everything is decided according to the wishes of the Elementals, so there's no use in rushing. Oh traveler, do you feel the energy when between the trees of Shinewood? Natures power flows through those woods.
					Talking a lot results in making cloudy judgments. So don't talk to me anymore.					Talking a lot results in making cloudy judgments. So don't talk to me anymore.		Talking a lot results in making cloudy judgments. So don't talk to me anymore.		Talking a lot results in making cloudy judgments. So don't talk to me anymore.
					Can't you see I'm concentrating!?					Can't you see I'm concentrating!?		Can't you see I'm concentrating!?		Can't you see I'm concentrating!?
					Ellore and Shinewood have the full generosity of the Elementals.					Ellore and Shinewood have the full generosity of the Elementals.		Ellore and Shinewood have the full generosity of the Elementals.		Ellore and Shinewood have the full generosity of the Elementals.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
232	<Hunter> Gidiom		<Hunter> Gidiom	100	Hmmm. Don't blame me for saying this, but I'm one of the really good-looking Centaurs. It's not my fault. I'm simply stating the truth. You're free to travel freely through the woods, so let me be. Hahaha.				100	Hmmm. Don't blame me for saying this, but I'm one of the really good-looking Centaurs. It's not my fault. I'm simply stating the truth. You're free to travel freely through the woods, so let me be. Hahaha.	100	Hmmm. Don't blame me for saying this, but I'm one of the really good-looking Centaurs. It's not my fault. I'm simply stating the truth. You're free to travel freely through the woods, so let me be. Hahaha.	100	Hmmm. Don't blame me for saying this, but I'm one of the really good-looking Centaurs. It's not my fault. I'm simply stating the truth. You're free to travel freely through the woods, so let me be. Hahaha.
					Don't think that all hunters are rough and rowdy. Only barbarians act in such a way. For example, Traveler Gyslot is like this. It really bothers me that he's staying in Ellore.					Don't think that all hunters are rough and rowdy. Only barbarians act in such a way. For example, Traveler Gyslot is like this. It really bothers me that he's staying in Ellore.		Don't think that all hunters are rough and rowdy. Only barbarians act in such a way. For example, Traveler Gyslot is like this. It really bothers me that he's staying in Ellore.		Don't think that all hunters are rough and rowdy. Only barbarians act in such a way. For example, Traveler Gyslot is like this. It really bothers me that he's staying in Ellore.
					Not everyone in the Centaur tribe is the same, you're categorized according to where you live. Centaurs like ourselves who maintain an amicable relationship with other tribes are called 'Hoodsavers'. Those living in Shinewood are the traditional Centaurs and are called 'Oldmen'.					Not everyone in the Centaur tribe is the same, you're categorized according to where you live. Centaurs like ourselves who maintain an amicable relationship with other tribes are called 'Hoodsavers'. Those living in Shinewood are the traditional Centaurs and are called 'Oldmen'.		Not everyone in the Centaur tribe is the same, you're categorized according to where you live. Centaurs like ourselves who maintain an amicable relationship with other tribes are called 'Hoodsavers'. Those living in Shinewood are the traditional Centaurs and are called 'Oldmen'.		Not everyone in the Centaur tribe is the same, you're categorized according to where you live. Centaurs like ourselves who maintain an amicable relationship with other tribes are called 'Hoodsavers'. Those living in Shinewood are the traditional Centaurs and are called 'Oldmen'.
					Whether you're a traveler or a hunter, you never know when, where and how you're going to die. So we must all enjoy every minute of our lives. There's no need to think, 'What am I going to do today?'. Just enjoy yourself. Now, follow me. Oh, you're more of a gentleman than I thought.					Whether you're a traveler or a hunter, you never know when, where and how you're going to die. So we must all enjoy every minute of our lives. There's no need to think, 'What am I going to do today?'. Just enjoy yourself. Now, follow me. Oh, you're more of a gentleman than I thought.		Whether you're a traveler or a hunter, you never know when, where and how you're going to die. So we must all enjoy every minute of our lives. There's no need to think, 'What am I going to do today?'. Just enjoy yourself. Now, follow me. Oh, you're more of a gentleman than I thought.		Whether you're a traveler or a hunter, you never know when, where and how you're going to die. So we must all enjoy every minute of our lives. There's no need to think, 'What am I going to do today?'. Just enjoy yourself. Now, follow me. Oh, you're more of a gentleman than I thought.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
233	<Sorcerer> Mormorine		<Sorcerer> Mormorine	100	Look, traveler. What's the date today? Already? Time sure flies. I remember many things about this city as well as our tribe. Do you know why I wish to be of help to travelers like you?				100	Look, traveler. What's the date today? Already? Time sure flies. I remember many things about this city as well as our tribe. Do you know why I wish to be of help to travelers like you?	100	Look, traveler. What's the date today? Already? Time sure flies. I remember many things about this city as well as our tribe. Do you know why I wish to be of help to travelers like you?	100	Look, traveler. What's the date today? Already? Time sure flies. I remember many things about this city as well as our tribe. Do you know why I wish to be of help to travelers like you?
					I often exchange correspondence with General Beacon in Tullan. We became close after the monster attack a year ago. It was an extremely delicate situation back then. Incidents like those teach us a lesson; wherever you go, only correct judgments will save you.					I often exchange correspondence with General Beacon in Tullan. We became close after the monster attack a year ago. It was an extremely delicate situation back then. Incidents like those teach us a lesson; wherever you go, only correct judgments will save you.		I often exchange correspondence with General Beacon in Tullan. We became close after the monster attack a year ago. It was an extremely delicate situation back then. Incidents like those teach us a lesson; wherever you go, only correct judgments will save you.		I often exchange correspondence with General Beacon in Tullan. We became close after the monster attack a year ago. It was an extremely delicate situation back then. Incidents like those teach us a lesson; wherever you go, only correct judgments will save you.
					Those who come to me to learn magic often leave disappointed after seeing me idle feeding animals. But real magic isn't glitz and glam. It's about summoning the courage within yourself.					Those who come to me to learn magic often leave disappointed after seeing me idle feeding animals. But real magic isn't glitz and glam. It's about summoning the courage within yourself.		Those who come to me to learn magic often leave disappointed after seeing me idle feeding animals. But real magic isn't glitz and glam. It's about summoning the courage within yourself.		Those who come to me to learn magic often leave disappointed after seeing me idle feeding animals. But real magic isn't glitz and glam. It's about summoning the courage within yourself.
					(Yawn) Maybe I should take a nap. The slightest intense activity can make you tired when you're old. I must've fed too many cats. (Yawn)					(Yawn) Maybe I should take a nap. The slightest intense activity can make you tired when you're old. I must've fed too many cats. (Yawn)		(Yawn) Maybe I should take a nap. The slightest intense activity can make you tired when you're old. I must've fed too many cats. (Yawn)		(Yawn) Maybe I should take a nap. The slightest intense activity can make you tired when you're old. I must've fed too many cats. (Yawn)
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
234	<Adventurer> Wilcott		<Adventurer> Wilcott	100	Even the well-traveled disregard the underworld or turn back in fear. There are probably many reasons, but I guess it's mostly because of fear. Many fear the dark, but a place of fantastic adventure awaits me. Welcome to my world.				100	Even the well-traveled disregard the underworld or turn back in fear. There are probably many reasons, but I guess it's mostly because of fear. Many fear the dark, but a place of fantastic adventure awaits me. Welcome to my world.	100	Even the well-traveled disregard the underworld or turn back in fear. There are probably many reasons, but I guess it's mostly because of fear. Many fear the dark, but a place of fantastic adventure awaits me. Welcome to my world.	100	Even the well-traveled disregard the underworld or turn back in fear. There are probably many reasons, but I guess it's mostly because of fear. Many fear the dark, but a place of fantastic adventure awaits me. Welcome to my world.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
235	<Archeologist> Alquiran		<Archeologist> Alquiran	100	Oh, how did I get here? Well, coming here suits a scholar like me. Adventurers should just run around in the plains. Frankly, you people are a hindrance to my research. Go away!				100	Oh, how did I get here? Well, coming here suits a scholar like me. Adventurers should just run around in the plains. Frankly, you people are a hindrance to my research. Go away!	100	Oh, how did I get here? Well, coming here suits a scholar like me. Adventurers should just run around in the plains. Frankly, you people are a hindrance to my research. Go away!	100	Oh, how did I get here? Well, coming here suits a scholar like me. Adventurers should just run around in the plains. Frankly, you people are a hindrance to my research. Go away!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
236	<Merchant> Giridium		<Merchant> Giridium	100	Welcome to Giridium's General Store. Do you need something? We have lots of life potions and mana potions essential to adventurers. We also have lots of other merchandise as well. Why don't you take a look around? May the protection of the Elementals be with you.				100	Elemental Blessing has left you.... I hope you'll meet the Pardoner soon.	100	¡¦. Please leave.	100	¡¦. Please leave.
					Actually, I have an older sister. Oh, I don't know what she's thinking. She should get married sometime soon. Firnelli should be a little more aggressive. I'm worried she'll end up alone. May the protection of the Elementals be with her.									
					Sometime ago, the elder sought my advice regarding the expansion of the village. I never thought that he would give up on it. It was one of his old wishes and I do feel a little bad because I never accomplished it. Norine thinks now's the time. May the protection of the Elementals be with us.									
					The fastest way to learn about the traditions of MoonElves will be to work for us. I could go on and on explaining, but that's not enough. There's a reason why they say experience is better than 100 books. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
237	<Archer Weapons Merchant> Bedilla		<Archer Weapons Merchant> Bedilla	100	Hey, you got any money? Then look at my merchandise and buy something. I'm sure they'll help people like you. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.				100	Hey! My items are very expensive. Do you still want to buy them? I'm not going to stop you. But I'd like it better if you didn't touch my goods. Eh? Don't you know better? If you touch them, they'll lose their value.	100	¡¦.	100	¡¦.
					Oh, come on. Hey, did you just see Auroruna? I don't know why she always comes and interferes with others with her cocky attitude. Who does she think she is? I swear it's not even funny. If you see her again, tell her not to treat me like that. May the protection of the Elementals be with you, too.									
					What are you doing here? Do not touch anything if you don't intend to buy it! If you scratch any of the merchandise, I can't sell them. By the way, we haven't been able to get any Hasesana lately. I don't what's going on. I'll pray that the protection of the Elementals is with you.									
					Norine is just too small. That's why I want to go to somewhere bigger like Laflesia or Deribelle. But I can't because my dad's against it and it really frustrates me. Staying in a small village like this really is making me narrow-minded. You agree, right? May the protection of the Elementals be with you.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
238	<Magic Weapons Merchant> Salirenen		<Magic Weapons Merchant> Salirenen	100	There's no one that sells better magic weapons than I do in Norine. That's one of my accomplishments. I've gotten to a state where I can no longer use magic. But I'm very thankful that I can have a job that deals with magic.				100	Too bad... If only I knew magic, you wouldn't even be here anymore. I could sell something to you, but you don't look like you have the money. Everything I own is very valuable. It comes at a price.	100	I don't have anything to sell to you.	100	I don't have anything to sell to you.
					This is the Magic Weapons Store of Norine. What? Do I know how to make magic? Hm, I used to be a very promising magician, but I made a big mistake. As a result, an enchantment was cast on me and I no longer was able to perform magic. I made a mistake and caused the accident, so I have no excuse.									
					I did a really foolish thing yesterday. Bedilla went on and on bragging about the furniture she bought and I ended up buying it, too. The product itself is nice, but after I bought it, I realized that it was really expensive. Well, I really like furniture, so I'm going to put it in my children's playroom. They like pretty things, too.									
					Auroruna's in for a big treat. She's trying to fix Bedilla and Libion's extravagant behaviors, but I think it's no use. Auroruna and the two of them really don't get along. Do you think so, too?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
239	<Archer Trainer> Dentlos		<Archer Trainer> Dentlos	100	You want to learn how to shoot a bow? Then you've come to the right place. Hahaha! As you may know, I'm Dentlos, the best Archer Trainer in Norine. Ha! So what would you like to learn?				100	It's true that I'm very talented, but my pride won't allow me to teach someone like you. Eh? Well, if you put it like that, I could teach you. But after you learned your skill, go and see the Pardoner.	100	My time is too precious to deal with you.	100	My time is too precious to deal with you.
					Hey, I recently finished research on a new type of sorcery. According to the results, I might be able to hear the voices of not only my ancestors, but also the Elementals. It's really great! What's that look on your face? You don't believe me? Then, see for yourself. I'm sure you'll enjoy ...... Hey, where are you going? Hey!									
					My older brother Jodiox is amazing, but that has nothing to do with me. He has his own life and I have my own. I'm going to live the way I want to and I don't want to be compared to him. I don't know about him, but that's how I feel.									
					The day will come when I will meet my ancestors. But rather than meeting them then, I want to meet them right now. That's my wish.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
240	<Magic Trainer> Auroruna		<Magic Trainer> Auroruna	100	Hello. You look good today. Would you like to have an in-depth conversation about magic? Of course, only if you want. May the protection and wisdom of the Elementals be with you.				100	So you're using this difficult magic to hurt others. You shouldn't use magic like that. It will haunt you someday. Instead of learning magic from me and getting stronger, how about seeing the Pardoner?	100	Go and see the Pardoner.	100	Go and see the Pardoner.
					Learning magic is a really hard thing. It's a challenge against yourself. Only those who win this challenge can learn magic. Of course, I know this applies to any other job. I'm just saying that's how hard it is to become a magician. May the protection and wisdom of the Elementals be with you.									
					I don't know if you've heard, but I'm worried about Bedilla and Libion. I've been telling them that they're being too materialistic. Thinking only of yourself can never bring success. But it doesn't seem to be working. I know that I shouldn't give up now. I don't know who else would be so frank with them. May the protection and wisdom of the Elementals be with you.									
					By the way, I'm worried about Nibble as well. Why? Both Nibble and Giridium underwent the Siempre Ceremony, but Bedilla keeps putting all the blame on Giridium. I told her that she shouldn't do that, but she won't listen to me, and I know neither Giridium nor Nibble will tell her that to her face. May the protection and wisdom of the Elementals be with you.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
241	<Safe Keeper> Firnelli		<Safe Keeper> Firnelli	100	Oh, hello. It's a beautiful day. Why am I sighing? Oh, it's all my fault. W..why am I talking nonsense? Oh, well, I guess it's nonsense. Hehe. May the protection of the Elementals be with you......				100	Hah... Hmm... Hah... Eh? Oh, you scared me. When did you get here? Eh? You... No, no... Please... If you have items, I'll store them for you.... Hah... Hmm... That wasn't me.	100	Hah... Eh? Do you want to store items? Oh, I see.... I'll store them for you.... Hah...	100	Hah... Eh? Do you want to store items? Oh, I see.... I'll store them for you.... Hah...
					He likes me. He likes me not. He likes me. He likes me not. He likes me. He likes me not. He likes me. He likes me not. He likes me. He likes me not. He likes me. He likes me not. He likes me. He likes me not. He likes me. He likes me not. Ah! W..what are you d...doing there? You scared me to death! What? What am I doing? N..nothing. Heheh. Nothing. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.									
					Oh, listen to me. Yesterday, Bedilla came over and forced me into having a drink with her. I feel so tired. What? Can't I handle a few drinks? Oh, you probably can, but I don't handle alcohol well. I feel very nauseous now. I should stop whining and get back to work. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.									
					Oh, it's...... not me. It...... isn't. Oh, it's...... not me. It's not. Ah! Don't shout all of a sudden. You scared me. What? Then I shouldn't repeat myself? Oh, d...did I do that? Oh, hahaha. I..I should continue working. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
242	<Blacksmith> Ayre		<Blacksmith> Ayre	100	Welcome. So, do you have something to entrust me with? I'll definitely give you your money's worth. Of course, the more you pay, the better results I can give you. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.				100	What do you need? Did you bring money? I could fix your things, but it'll cost you. Go away if you don't have money.	100	While I like money, it's not like I don't have my pride as well. I'm busy, so please go.	100	While I like money, it's not like I don't have my pride as well. I'm busy, so please go.
					There are a limited number of rich people in Norine. Firnelli is one of them. You don't understand? Why would you think I'd say something that you understand? Haven't you thought that I'm telling you this because I knew you wouldn't understand? May the protection of the great Elementals be with you.									
					Why am I a blacksmith? Don't you have anything better to do than ask me such a question? And I don't need to answer that. But since I feel bad, let me tell you one thing. Blacksmiths make good money. Well, I'm busy. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.									
					Yesterday, I noticed Firnelli was hanging around Laruna again and...... I say it was very much like him. He ended up leaving without saying a word to her. It made me laugh. You might wonder how he could get her to like him when he's so shy, but he's one of the richest people in Norine...it should be easy! You should befriend him. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
243	<Item Trader> Ferde		<Item Trader> Ferde	100	Ferde... sells items. You...... should give Ferde items. Then I sell...... that item again and make...... money. You can buy items...... from Ferde. And you have to...... pay.				100	Ferde... can help you... buy stuff... but it... won't be cheap. If you don't pay up... I don't want to help you.	100	I cannot... trade with you. So... please go away.	100	I cannot... trade with you. So... please go away.
					Ferde doesn't know...... where the money is. Ferde...... hid the money. No one can find...... Ferde's money.									
					Ferde likes...... Laruna. Ferde doesn't like others. Laruna. She's...... rich.									
					Ferde is...... a hard worker. You can trust....... Ferde.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
244	<Alchemist> Iverick		<Alchemist> Iverick	100	Norine is a wonderful place, but it seems incomplete. So why am I here? To find the way to Nordenland. If my research is correct, the ancient path to Nordenland is near Norine.				100	Norine is a wonderful place, but it seems incomplete. So why am I here? To find the way to Nordenland. If my research is correct, the ancient path to Nordenland is near Norine.	100	Norine is a wonderful place, but it seems incomplete. So why am I here? To find the way to Nordenland. If my research is correct, the ancient path to Nordenland is near Norine.	100	Norine is a wonderful place, but it seems incomplete. So why am I here? To find the way to Nordenland. If my research is correct, the ancient path to Nordenland is near Norine.
					Alchemy isn't as easy as you think it is. In order to get one thing, you must give up something else. It sounds grand, but this applies to everything else in life. It's like paying money to buy something. But perhaps it's different in the sense that you're not paying money, but something else.					Alchemy isn't as easy as you think it is. In order to get one thing, you must give up something else. It sounds grand, but this applies to everything else in life. It's like paying money to buy something. But perhaps it's different in the sense that you're not paying money, but something else.		Alchemy isn't as easy as you think it is. In order to get one thing, you must give up something else. It sounds grand, but this applies to everything else in life. It's like paying money to buy something. But perhaps it's different in the sense that you're not paying money, but something else.		Alchemy isn't as easy as you think it is. In order to get one thing, you must give up something else. It sounds grand, but this applies to everything else in life. It's like paying money to buy something. But perhaps it's different in the sense that you're not paying money, but something else.
					Do you think it's true that there are lots and lots of wonderful materials all over Nordenland? It can't be? Well, I agree. But I'm certain that rare materials unobtainable here can be obtained there. That's why I plan to go to Nordenland someday.					Do you think it's true that there are lots and lots of wonderful materials all over Nordenland? It can't be? Well, I agree. But I'm certain that rare materials unobtainable here can be obtained there. That's why I plan to go to Nordenland someday.		Do you think it's true that there are lots and lots of wonderful materials all over Nordenland? It can't be? Well, I agree. But I'm certain that rare materials unobtainable here can be obtained there. That's why I plan to go to Nordenland someday.		Do you think it's true that there are lots and lots of wonderful materials all over Nordenland? It can't be? Well, I agree. But I'm certain that rare materials unobtainable here can be obtained there. That's why I plan to go to Nordenland someday.
					I'm going to research today and tomorrow, then rest the next day. And the day after that, I start my research again. If I don't work according to such a schedule, I'll break down of fatigue. Anyway, are you interested in alchemy? How about becoming my student?					I'm going to research today and tomorrow, then rest the next day. And the day after that, I start my research again. If I don't work according to such a schedule, I'll break down of fatigue. Anyway, are you interested in alchemy? How about becoming my student?		I'm going to research today and tomorrow, then rest the next day. And the day after that, I start my research again. If I don't work according to such a schedule, I'll break down of fatigue. Anyway, are you interested in alchemy? How about becoming my student?		I'm going to research today and tomorrow, then rest the next day. And the day after that, I start my research again. If I don't work according to such a schedule, I'll break down of fatigue. Anyway, are you interested in alchemy? How about becoming my student?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
245	<Cook> Ascandelle		<Cook> Ascandelle	100	Oh, how can I help you? Would you like me to make you some food? If not, I don't think I want to speak to you. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.				100	Oh, how can I help you? Would you like me to make you some food? If not, I don't think I want to speak to you. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.	100	Oh, how can I help you? Would you like me to make you some food? If not, I don't think I want to speak to you. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.	100	Oh, how can I help you? Would you like me to make you some food? If not, I don't think I want to speak to you. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.
					Do you have something to say? Do I have anything to tell you? No. Well actually, I do. Keep this one thing in mind. The only person you can trust--no matter what happens in the world-- is yourself. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.					Do you have something to say? Do I have anything to tell you? No. Well actually, I do. Keep this one thing in mind. The only person you can trust--no matter what happens in the world-- is yourself. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		Do you have something to say? Do I have anything to tell you? No. Well actually, I do. Keep this one thing in mind. The only person you can trust--no matter what happens in the world-- is yourself. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		Do you have something to say? Do I have anything to tell you? No. Well actually, I do. Keep this one thing in mind. The only person you can trust--no matter what happens in the world-- is yourself. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.
					Are you hungry? If not, I'd prefer you didn't speak to me. I don't want to befriend any more people. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.					Are you hungry? If not, I'd prefer you didn't speak to me. I don't want to befriend any more people. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		Are you hungry? If not, I'd prefer you didn't speak to me. I don't want to befriend any more people. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		Are you hungry? If not, I'd prefer you didn't speak to me. I don't want to befriend any more people. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.
					It seems you've haven't been betrayed by anyone yet. I guess if you had been, you wouldn't be traveling like this. I know that those betrayed are more foolish than those doing the betraying. I'm aware of it. So don't bother me anymore. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.					It seems you've haven't been betrayed by anyone yet. I guess if you had been, you wouldn't be traveling like this. I know that those betrayed are more foolish than those doing the betraying. I'm aware of it. So don't bother me anymore. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		It seems you've haven't been betrayed by anyone yet. I guess if you had been, you wouldn't be traveling like this. I know that those betrayed are more foolish than those doing the betraying. I'm aware of it. So don't bother me anymore. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		It seems you've haven't been betrayed by anyone yet. I guess if you had been, you wouldn't be traveling like this. I know that those betrayed are more foolish than those doing the betraying. I'm aware of it. So don't bother me anymore. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
246	<Adventurer> Drurion		<Adventurer> Drurion	100	Ahhh, it's another beautiful day. A day like this calls for going out and having some drinks. Liquor is the best. Don't you agree?				100	Ahhh, it's another beautiful day. A day like this calls for going out and having some drinks. Liquor is the best. Don't you agree?	100	Ahhh, it's another beautiful day. A day like this calls for going out and having some drinks. Liquor is the best. Don't you agree?	100	Ahhh, it's another beautiful day. A day like this calls for going out and having some drinks. Liquor is the best. Don't you agree?
					An adventure is pursuing something by risking yourself. I guess it's a lot like a tiger moth attracted to a flame. But once you experience adventures, you can't live without them. It's just like liquor. Hahaha.					An adventure is pursuing something by risking yourself. I guess it's a lot like a tiger moth attracted to a flame. But once you experience adventures, you can't live without them. It's just like liquor. Hahaha.		An adventure is pursuing something by risking yourself. I guess it's a lot like a tiger moth attracted to a flame. But once you experience adventures, you can't live without them. It's just like liquor. Hahaha.		An adventure is pursuing something by risking yourself. I guess it's a lot like a tiger moth attracted to a flame. But once you experience adventures, you can't live without them. It's just like liquor. Hahaha.
					You need to have ability in order to learn something from me. You can't just learn the Skinning skill and the Ransacking skill just because you want to. Of course, it's a lot more fun if you have some liquor.					You need to have ability in order to learn something from me. You can't just learn the Skinning skill and the Ransacking skill just because you want to. Of course, it's a lot more fun if you have some liquor.		You need to have ability in order to learn something from me. You can't just learn the Skinning skill and the Ransacking skill just because you want to. Of course, it's a lot more fun if you have some liquor.		You need to have ability in order to learn something from me. You can't just learn the Skinning skill and the Ransacking skill just because you want to. Of course, it's a lot more fun if you have some liquor.
					Life is fun! So there's no point being so serious. You don't know when you'll get into trouble, so there's no use frowning and being serious all the time. So why don't you just join me in having a drink and enjoy the day?					Life is fun! So there's no point being so serious. You don't know when you'll get into trouble, so there's no use frowning and being serious all the time. So why don't you just join me in having a drink and enjoy the day?		Life is fun! So there's no point being so serious. You don't know when you'll get into trouble, so there's no use frowning and being serious all the time. So why don't you just join me in having a drink and enjoy the day?		Life is fun! So there's no point being so serious. You don't know when you'll get into trouble, so there's no use frowning and being serious all the time. So why don't you just join me in having a drink and enjoy the day?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
247	<Stylist> Laruna		<Stylist> Laruna	100	Stop bothering me unless you're going to buy something. If you're here to get some work done I'll take a look at you after I finish this book. If you're not, stop bothering me and leave. May the Elementals be with you.				100	Stop bothering me unless you're going to buy something. If you're here to get some work done I'll take a look at you after I finish this book. If you're not, stop bothering me and leave. May the Elementals be with you.	100	Stop bothering me unless you're going to buy something. If you're here to get some work done I'll take a look at you after I finish this book. If you're not, stop bothering me and leave. May the Elementals be with you.	100	Stop bothering me unless you're going to buy something. If you're here to get some work done I'll take a look at you after I finish this book. If you're not, stop bothering me and leave. May the Elementals be with you.
					I don't know why my foolish little brother Giridium worries about my future. I know how to take care of myself. Hey, don't touch that. If you have no business here, please leave. May the power of the Elementals be with you.					I don't know why my foolish little brother Giridium worries about my future. I know how to take care of myself. Hey, don't touch that. If you have no business here, please leave. May the power of the Elementals be with you.		I don't know why my foolish little brother Giridium worries about my future. I know how to take care of myself. Hey, don't touch that. If you have no business here, please leave. May the power of the Elementals be with you.		I don't know why my foolish little brother Giridium worries about my future. I know how to take care of myself. Hey, don't touch that. If you have no business here, please leave. May the power of the Elementals be with you.
					Boy, I wonder where I can find a strong, attractive man. All the men in this village are fools. If you know someone suitable, please introduce him to me. May the power of the Elementals be with you.					Boy, I wonder where I can find a strong, attractive man. All the men in this village are fools. If you know someone suitable, please introduce him to me. May the power of the Elementals be with you.		Boy, I wonder where I can find a strong, attractive man. All the men in this village are fools. If you know someone suitable, please introduce him to me. May the power of the Elementals be with you.		Boy, I wonder where I can find a strong, attractive man. All the men in this village are fools. If you know someone suitable, please introduce him to me. May the power of the Elementals be with you.
					Plastic surgery is quite a stressful job. Even though I practice, I don't really like doing it on myself. My job ends at work. By the way, why is Firnelli being so annoying? I think I'll have to leave in a little while, so tell me what you want. May the power of the Elementals be with you.					Plastic surgery is quite a stressful job. Even though I practice, I don't really like doing it on myself. My job ends at work. By the way, why is Firnelli being so annoying? I think I'll have to leave in a little while, so tell me what you want. May the power of the Elementals be with you.		Plastic surgery is quite a stressful job. Even though I practice, I don't really like doing it on myself. My job ends at work. By the way, why is Firnelli being so annoying? I think I'll have to leave in a little while, so tell me what you want. May the power of the Elementals be with you.		Plastic surgery is quite a stressful job. Even though I practice, I don't really like doing it on myself. My job ends at work. By the way, why is Firnelli being so annoying? I think I'll have to leave in a little while, so tell me what you want. May the power of the Elementals be with you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
248	<Guard> Nibb		<Guard> Nibb	100	Norine is a small village, and if a respectful person like myself didn't guard this place, I don't know what would happen. A short while ago, Green Worms suddenly attacked and things got bad. I'm just a guard, but my job is to protect this village from such incidents. May the protection of the Elementals be with you, adventurer.				100	Norine is a small village, and if a respectful person like myself didn't guard this place, I don't know what would happen. A short while ago, Green Worms suddenly attacked and things got bad. I'm just a guard, but my job is to protect this village from such incidents. May the protection of the Elementals be with you, adventurer.	100	Norine is a small village, and if a respectful person like myself didn't guard this place, I don't know what would happen. A short while ago, Green Worms suddenly attacked and things got bad. I'm just a guard, but my job is to protect this village from such incidents. May the protection of the Elementals be with you, adventurer.	100	Norine is a small village, and if a respectful person like myself didn't guard this place, I don't know what would happen. A short while ago, Green Worms suddenly attacked and things got bad. I'm just a guard, but my job is to protect this village from such incidents. May the protection of the Elementals be with you, adventurer.
					Unlike me, you seem to be well-traveled and very strong. What's it like to travel? Is it a wonderful job? I'd like to travel myself, but I'm not very talented. Instead I'm here working as a guard. Someday, I'd like to travel as well. May the protection of the Elementals be with you, adventurer.					Unlike me, you seem to be well-traveled and very strong. What's it like to travel? Is it a wonderful job? I'd like to travel myself, but I'm not very talented. Instead I'm here working as a guard. Someday, I'd like to travel as well. May the protection of the Elementals be with you, adventurer.		Unlike me, you seem to be well-traveled and very strong. What's it like to travel? Is it a wonderful job? I'd like to travel myself, but I'm not very talented. Instead I'm here working as a guard. Someday, I'd like to travel as well. May the protection of the Elementals be with you, adventurer.		Unlike me, you seem to be well-traveled and very strong. What's it like to travel? Is it a wonderful job? I'd like to travel myself, but I'm not very talented. Instead I'm here working as a guard. Someday, I'd like to travel as well. May the protection of the Elementals be with you, adventurer.
					I'm sure you've met Drurion. In this village, no one knows as much about traveling as Drurion. His vast knowledge shows just how intelligent he is. Would a respectful person like myself be able to go on a lot of adventures like him? I'd like to try, but for some reason, I don't think I'd be able to. May the protection of the Elementals be with you, adventurer.					I'm sure you've met Drurion. In this village, no one knows as much about traveling as Drurion. His vast knowledge shows just how intelligent he is. Would a respectful person like myself be able to go on a lot of adventures like him? I'd like to try, but for some reason, I don't think I'd be able to. May the protection of the Elementals be with you, adventurer.		I'm sure you've met Drurion. In this village, no one knows as much about traveling as Drurion. His vast knowledge shows just how intelligent he is. Would a respectful person like myself be able to go on a lot of adventures like him? I'd like to try, but for some reason, I don't think I'd be able to. May the protection of the Elementals be with you, adventurer.		I'm sure you've met Drurion. In this village, no one knows as much about traveling as Drurion. His vast knowledge shows just how intelligent he is. Would a respectful person like myself be able to go on a lot of adventures like him? I'd like to try, but for some reason, I don't think I'd be able to. May the protection of the Elementals be with you, adventurer.
					Oh, this necklace? I got it from Giridium. Yes, we performed the Ceremony of Para Siempre, but we don't live together anymore. I plan to get back together with him when I become a more capable partner, but lately it seems like Bedilla has her eyes set on him. Yes...she's a better match for him than I am.... yes, that's right. May the protection of the Elementals be with you, adventurer.					Oh, this necklace? I got it from Giridium. Yes, we performed the Ceremony of Para Siempre, but we don't live together anymore. I plan to get back together with him when I become a more capable partner, but lately it seems like Bedilla has her eyes set on him. Yes...she's a better match for him than I am.... yes, that's right. May the protection of the Elementals be with you, adventurer.		Oh, this necklace? I got it from Giridium. Yes, we performed the Ceremony of Para Siempre, but we don't live together anymore. I plan to get back together with him when I become a more capable partner, but lately it seems like Bedilla has her eyes set on him. Yes...she's a better match for him than I am.... yes, that's right. May the protection of the Elementals be with you, adventurer.		Oh, this necklace? I got it from Giridium. Yes, we performed the Ceremony of Para Siempre, but we don't live together anymore. I plan to get back together with him when I become a more capable partner, but lately it seems like Bedilla has her eyes set on him. Yes...she's a better match for him than I am.... yes, that's right. May the protection of the Elementals be with you, adventurer.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
249	<Guard> Libion		<Guard> Libion	100	I don't know why you've come to Norine, but don't cause any trouble while you're here. Adventurers like you causing trouble certainly doesn't make us any money. Make sure you mind yourself. May the power of the Elementals be with you.				100	I don't know why you've come to Norine, but don't cause any trouble while you're here. Adventurers like you causing trouble certainly doesn't make us any money. Make sure you mind yourself. May the power of the Elementals be with you.	100	I don't know why you've come to Norine, but don't cause any trouble while you're here. Adventurers like you causing trouble certainly doesn't make us any money. Make sure you mind yourself. May the power of the Elementals be with you.	100	I don't know why you've come to Norine, but don't cause any trouble while you're here. Adventurers like you causing trouble certainly doesn't make us any money. Make sure you mind yourself. May the power of the Elementals be with you.
					I don't know about you, but I think the most important things in the world are money and power. You can even save someone who's dying if you have those two things. Sure, I know some people who've died because of money... Still, try to save up as much as you can. That is if you want to live...... May the power of the Elementals be with you.					I don't know about you, but I think the most important things in the world are money and power. You can even save someone who's dying if you have those two things. Sure, I know some people who've died because of money... Still, try to save up as much as you can. That is if you want to live...... May the power of the Elementals be with you.		I don't know about you, but I think the most important things in the world are money and power. You can even save someone who's dying if you have those two things. Sure, I know some people who've died because of money... Still, try to save up as much as you can. That is if you want to live...... May the power of the Elementals be with you.		I don't know about you, but I think the most important things in the world are money and power. You can even save someone who's dying if you have those two things. Sure, I know some people who've died because of money... Still, try to save up as much as you can. That is if you want to live...... May the power of the Elementals be with you.
					Auroruna's a real bother these days. She's thinks she's so irreproachable even though I know she knows nothing. Why does she care whether I charge money or not? It doesn't affect her anyway, you agree, right? May the power of the Elementals be with you.					Auroruna's a real bother these days. She's thinks she's so irreproachable even though I know she knows nothing. Why does she care whether I charge money or not? It doesn't affect her anyway, you agree, right? May the power of the Elementals be with you.		Auroruna's a real bother these days. She's thinks she's so irreproachable even though I know she knows nothing. Why does she care whether I charge money or not? It doesn't affect her anyway, you agree, right? May the power of the Elementals be with you.		Auroruna's a real bother these days. She's thinks she's so irreproachable even though I know she knows nothing. Why does she care whether I charge money or not? It doesn't affect her anyway, you agree, right? May the power of the Elementals be with you.
					Not long ago, I made some money by getting rid of a monster for someone. If you need anything, just ask me. You'll have to pay for it...of course I'll give you a good price.					Not long ago, I made some money by getting rid of a monster for someone. If you need anything, just ask me. You'll have to pay for it...of course I'll give you a good price.		Not long ago, I made some money by getting rid of a monster for someone. If you need anything, just ask me. You'll have to pay for it...of course I'll give you a good price.		Not long ago, I made some money by getting rid of a monster for someone. If you need anything, just ask me. You'll have to pay for it...of course I'll give you a good price.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
250	<Sorcerer> Enodiel		<Sorcerer> Enodiel	100	Magic requires the utmost concentration and archery requires a great deal of skill. So it's very difficult to do both things at once. Hehe. Well, I've done it before, so I wouldn't say it's impossible.				100	Magic requires the utmost concentration and archery requires a great deal of skill. So it's very difficult to do both things at once. Hehe. Well, I've done it before, so I wouldn't say it's impossible.	100	Magic requires the utmost concentration and archery requires a great deal of skill. So it's very difficult to do both things at once. Hehe. Well, I've done it before, so I wouldn't say it's impossible.	100	Magic requires the utmost concentration and archery requires a great deal of skill. So it's very difficult to do both things at once. Hehe. Well, I've done it before, so I wouldn't say it's impossible.
					The Red Cloak Magician? Hehe. I haven't heard about her in ages. Do I know her? Yes, quite well. Her magic can divide the heavens and her arrows can pierce through light. Hehe. I know her quite well, but I can't tell you who she is. It could put her in danger.					The Red Cloak Magician? Hehe. I haven't heard about her in ages. Do I know her? Yes, quite well. Her magic can divide the heavens and her arrows can pierce through light. Hehe. I know her quite well, but I can't tell you who she is. It could put her in danger.		The Red Cloak Magician? Hehe. I haven't heard about her in ages. Do I know her? Yes, quite well. Her magic can divide the heavens and her arrows can pierce through light. Hehe. I know her quite well, but I can't tell you who she is. It could put her in danger.		The Red Cloak Magician? Hehe. I haven't heard about her in ages. Do I know her? Yes, quite well. Her magic can divide the heavens and her arrows can pierce through light. Hehe. I know her quite well, but I can't tell you who she is. It could put her in danger.
					If you wish to understand higher levels of magic, you need to have a high level of confidence. You need to have significant mental training as well as money.  Of course brains aren't everything in magic. You need other skills too. While learning various things and exploring new fields, you'll end up paying a price for the power you'll attain. If you wish to reach a higher level, you'll have to work harder in many aspects.					If you wish to understand higher levels of magic, you need to have a high level of confidence. You need to have significant mental training as well as money.  Of course brains aren't everything in magic. You need other skills too. While learning various things and exploring new fields, you'll end up paying a price for the power you'll attain. If you wish to reach a higher level, you'll have to work harder in many aspects.		If you wish to understand higher levels of magic, you need to have a high level of confidence. You need to have significant mental training as well as money.  Of course brains aren't everything in magic. You need other skills too. While learning various things and exploring new fields, you'll end up paying a price for the power you'll attain. If you wish to reach a higher level, you'll have to work harder in many aspects.		If you wish to understand higher levels of magic, you need to have a high level of confidence. You need to have significant mental training as well as money.  Of course brains aren't everything in magic. You need other skills too. While learning various things and exploring new fields, you'll end up paying a price for the power you'll attain. If you wish to reach a higher level, you'll have to work harder in many aspects.
					I'm not particularly close with any one person in the village. No, there's no reason. I wonder if I have the right to become close with other people.					I'm not particularly close with any one person in the village. No, there's no reason. I wonder if I have the right to become close with other people.		I'm not particularly close with any one person in the village. No, there's no reason. I wonder if I have the right to become close with other people.		I'm not particularly close with any one person in the village. No, there's no reason. I wonder if I have the right to become close with other people.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
251	<Citizen> Lauruna		<Citizen> Lauruna	100	Welcome. Could you tell me about your adventures? I really like adventure stories, especially those told by brave travelers like you. May the blessings of the Elementals be with you on your adventures.				100	Welcome. Could you tell me about your adventures? I really like adventure stories, especially those told by brave travelers like you. May the blessings of the Elementals be with you on your adventures.	100	Welcome. Could you tell me about your adventures? I really like adventure stories, especially those told by brave travelers like you. May the blessings of the Elementals be with you on your adventures.	100	Welcome. Could you tell me about your adventures? I really like adventure stories, especially those told by brave travelers like you. May the blessings of the Elementals be with you on your adventures.
					Just like interesting stories, good food gives me energy. That's why Ascandelle's cooking is like a blessing to me. Why don't you try her food? May the blessings of the Elementals be with you on your adventures.					Just like interesting stories, good food gives me energy. That's why Ascandelle's cooking is like a blessing to me. Why don't you try her food? May the blessings of the Elementals be with you on your adventures.		Just like interesting stories, good food gives me energy. That's why Ascandelle's cooking is like a blessing to me. Why don't you try her food? May the blessings of the Elementals be with you on your adventures.		Just like interesting stories, good food gives me energy. That's why Ascandelle's cooking is like a blessing to me. Why don't you try her food? May the blessings of the Elementals be with you on your adventures.
					I used to work in Laflesia. But the problem was that I made too much money. It was too much for me to handle, so I liquidated it all and came to Norine. Moving here has given me the chance to hear adventure stories from adventurers like you. It's great! May the blessings of the Elementals be with you on your adventures.					I used to work in Laflesia. But the problem was that I made too much money. It was too much for me to handle, so I liquidated it all and came to Norine. Moving here has given me the chance to hear adventure stories from adventurers like you. It's great! May the blessings of the Elementals be with you on your adventures.		I used to work in Laflesia. But the problem was that I made too much money. It was too much for me to handle, so I liquidated it all and came to Norine. Moving here has given me the chance to hear adventure stories from adventurers like you. It's great! May the blessings of the Elementals be with you on your adventures.		I used to work in Laflesia. But the problem was that I made too much money. It was too much for me to handle, so I liquidated it all and came to Norine. Moving here has given me the chance to hear adventure stories from adventurers like you. It's great! May the blessings of the Elementals be with you on your adventures.
					Ascandelle was betrayed by her travel companions. She trusted them, but I guess they didn't trust her. She is suffering internally as a result and is recuperating here. It's great that I get to eat her food. But I guess it isn't so good for her. May the blessings of the Elementals be with you on your adventures.					Ascandelle was betrayed by her travel companions. She trusted them, but I guess they didn't trust her. She is suffering internally as a result and is recuperating here. It's great that I get to eat her food. But I guess it isn't so good for her. May the blessings of the Elementals be with you on your adventures.		Ascandelle was betrayed by her travel companions. She trusted them, but I guess they didn't trust her. She is suffering internally as a result and is recuperating here. It's great that I get to eat her food. But I guess it isn't so good for her. May the blessings of the Elementals be with you on your adventures.		Ascandelle was betrayed by her travel companions. She trusted them, but I guess they didn't trust her. She is suffering internally as a result and is recuperating here. It's great that I get to eat her food. But I guess it isn't so good for her. May the blessings of the Elementals be with you on your adventures.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
252	<Citizen> Blu		<Citizen> Blu	100	Blu...... likes beautiful flowers and plants. Blu...... doesn't like being indebted to others. Blu...... is going to work.				100	Blu...... likes beautiful flowers and plants. Blu...... doesn't like being indebted to others. Blu...... is going to work.	100	Blu...... likes beautiful flowers and plants. Blu...... doesn't like being indebted to others. Blu...... is going to work.	100	Blu...... likes beautiful flowers and plants. Blu...... doesn't like being indebted to others. Blu...... is going to work.
					Drurion...... helps Blu. Drurion helps Blu...... when Blu needs. So Blu...... listens to Drurion.					Drurion...... helps Blu. Drurion helps Blu...... when Blu needs. So Blu...... listens to Drurion.		Drurion...... helps Blu. Drurion helps Blu...... when Blu needs. So Blu...... listens to Drurion.		Drurion...... helps Blu. Drurion helps Blu...... when Blu needs. So Blu...... listens to Drurion.
					Iverick...... and Blu like beautiful flowers and plants. Blu...... helps Iverick. Iverick...... helps Blu. Blu likes...... Iverick!					Iverick...... and Blu like beautiful flowers and plants. Blu...... helps Iverick. Iverick...... helps Blu. Blu likes...... Iverick!		Iverick...... and Blu like beautiful flowers and plants. Blu...... helps Iverick. Iverick...... helps Blu. Blu likes...... Iverick!		Iverick...... and Blu like beautiful flowers and plants. Blu...... helps Iverick. Iverick...... helps Blu. Blu likes...... Iverick!
					Blu...... Iverick...... Drurion are called...... a triangle of foreigners. Blu...... doesn't like it much					Blu...... Iverick...... Drurion are called...... a triangle of foreigners. Blu...... doesn't like it much		Blu...... Iverick...... Drurion are called...... a triangle of foreigners. Blu...... doesn't like it much		Blu...... Iverick...... Drurion are called...... a triangle of foreigners. Blu...... doesn't like it much
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
253	<Fortune Teller> Tinklen		<Fortune Teller> Tinklen	100	I don't tell fortunes to individuals. Fortune telling is a glimpse into the future. Individual fortunes are like taking a peek into someone else's house. I don't like to do that, so I don't read individual fortunes. I only read the fortunes of the village as a whole. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.				100	I don't tell fortunes to individuals. Fortune telling is a glimpse into the future. Individual fortunes are like taking a peek into someone else's house. I don't like to do that, so I don't read individual fortunes. I only read the fortunes of the village as a whole. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.	100	I don't tell fortunes to individuals. Fortune telling is a glimpse into the future. Individual fortunes are like taking a peek into someone else's house. I don't like to do that, so I don't read individual fortunes. I only read the fortunes of the village as a whole. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.	100	I don't tell fortunes to individuals. Fortune telling is a glimpse into the future. Individual fortunes are like taking a peek into someone else's house. I don't like to do that, so I don't read individual fortunes. I only read the fortunes of the village as a whole. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.
					I must always pray to the Elementals after I do a reading. Otherwise, something bad could happen to me. It's not often that you can steal a look over your neighbor's wall and he doesn't get angry at you. It's the same with fortune telling. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.					I must always pray to the Elementals after I do a reading. Otherwise, something bad could happen to me. It's not often that you can steal a look over your neighbor's wall and he doesn't get angry at you. It's the same with fortune telling. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		I must always pray to the Elementals after I do a reading. Otherwise, something bad could happen to me. It's not often that you can steal a look over your neighbor's wall and he doesn't get angry at you. It's the same with fortune telling. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		I must always pray to the Elementals after I do a reading. Otherwise, something bad could happen to me. It's not often that you can steal a look over your neighbor's wall and he doesn't get angry at you. It's the same with fortune telling. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.
					Besides being a little stubborn, my brother Bosren is a great person. He sacrifices a lot for the development of the village. But...... his stubbornness can be a problem sometimes. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.					Besides being a little stubborn, my brother Bosren is a great person. He sacrifices a lot for the development of the village. But...... his stubbornness can be a problem sometimes. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		Besides being a little stubborn, my brother Bosren is a great person. He sacrifices a lot for the development of the village. But...... his stubbornness can be a problem sometimes. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		Besides being a little stubborn, my brother Bosren is a great person. He sacrifices a lot for the development of the village. But...... his stubbornness can be a problem sometimes. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.
					Animals help me in many ways. What kind of ways? You'll naturally find out when you have some of your own. Hehe. It's important not to think of them as pets, but as your friends. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.					Animals help me in many ways. What kind of ways? You'll naturally find out when you have some of your own. Hehe. It's important not to think of them as pets, but as your friends. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		Animals help me in many ways. What kind of ways? You'll naturally find out when you have some of your own. Hehe. It's important not to think of them as pets, but as your friends. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		Animals help me in many ways. What kind of ways? You'll naturally find out when you have some of your own. Hehe. It's important not to think of them as pets, but as your friends. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
254	<Elder> Bosren		<Elder> Bosren	100	Welcome, adventurer. You're always welcome here at Norine. Take a good rest and recover your energy. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.				100	Welcome, adventurer. You're always welcome here at Norine. Take a good rest and recover your energy. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.	100	Welcome, adventurer. You're always welcome here at Norine. Take a good rest and recover your energy. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.	100	Welcome, adventurer. You're always welcome here at Norine. Take a good rest and recover your energy. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.
					Oh...... you're not from around here. I'm sorry. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.					Oh...... you're not from around here. I'm sorry. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		Oh...... you're not from around here. I'm sorry. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		Oh...... you're not from around here. I'm sorry. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.
					I don't speak much, but everyone here understands me well. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.					I don't speak much, but everyone here understands me well. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		I don't speak much, but everyone here understands me well. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		I don't speak much, but everyone here understands me well. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.
					I hope you have a wonderful journey. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.					I hope you have a wonderful journey. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		I hope you have a wonderful journey. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.		I hope you have a wonderful journey. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
255	<Merchant> Paraken		<Merchant> Paraken	100	Welcome! As you know, I'm Paraken, the biggest collector in Laflesia. My policy is 'if the customer wants it, have it available.' Provided that it doesn't negatively affect other stores of course. Would you like to look around? May your path lay in front of the eyes of the Elementals.				100	Ah... An unwanted customer. I'll sell something to you, but then have to go. Hey, you should meet the Pardoner. He'll help you.	100	There's nothing for me to sell to you.	100	There's nothing for me to sell to you.
					What? I talk like a man? Well, what about it? You experience different things in life and they end up playing a part in forming your identity. In that aspect, don't you think the way I talk is quite special? What? What I'm saying is irrelevant? Well, I guess it is. May the Elementals show you your path.									
					Most of my merchandise I get from my friends. Adventurer Inoksos helps me out the most. Thanks to him, I have many rare items. If you need something, tell me. I'll be sure to have it ready for you. May the protection of the Elementals be with you.									
					Why am I so upset? I recently came across a huge gem that would make your eyes pop out....but I found out it was fake.  Fortunately, I only paid a small price for it, so it's okay. But it's still frustrating that a merchant like myself was fooled. I guess anything is possible. May your plain lie in front of the eyes of the Elementals.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
256	<Archer Weapons Merchant> Telph		<Archer Weapons Merchant> Telph	100	Welcome. Do you need a powerful bow or perhaps a Kataria? Tell me what you need and I'll recommend you a good weapon. May the Elementals judge you fairly.				100	Usually, I recommend good items to customers.... But not today. I would sell something to you. But... Just pick whatever you need. You don't feel you're unfairly treated, do you?	100	I hate nasty cowards. And that's just how you seem to me.	100	I hate nasty cowards. And that's just how you seem to me.
					Have you been to Sumbras's shop? If you haven't, be careful. Actually, be careful even if you have. It seems like he reads customers' minds using magic. He must be plotting something. Otherwise, why would he use such magic like that on customers? So beware. May the Elementals judge you fairly.									
					Among all my brothers, I was the last to start a business. But someday, I'll make it bigger than any of them! That's the reason I started this business anyway. May the Elementals judge you fairly.									
					Now let's see. Subtract this and add this and I get...... Oh, right. I need to subtract the price of what I got yesterday and what I'm going to get today. So...... Oh, w-welcome. Forgive me. I was too busy working. Haha. A..anyway, how can I help you? May the Elementals judge you fairly.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
257	<Archer Armor Merchant> Grote		<Archer Armor Merchant> Grote	100	Armor is the best way to protect one's body. So never worry about how much you spend on armor. Having a laid-back attitude and settling for something mediocre could directly effect your life. Don't forget that. May you see through the eyes of the Elementals.				100	It seems like you come from a humble family. Otherwise you wouldn't be able to disgrace your family name like you do now. If you want to restore your family's name, you should see the Pardoner.	100	I don't want to talk to someone like you.	100	I don't want to talk to someone like you.
					There are families in Laflesia that boast of their large family trees and one of them is my family, Glory of the West. It sounds like a respectable name, but all I do is look after other people's affairs. These days, the Light of the East family have been causing trouble and it's really annoying me. Still, I need to keep trying for the development of the village. May you see through the eyes of the Elementals.									
					Don't speak of this to anyone else. Seeing my daughter dating a daughter of the Light of the East family really makes me furious. To think that a member of my family, with such a long history, is hanging out with a lowborn family makes me worry about my family's future. May you see through the eyes of the Elementals.									
					Recently, the Light of the East family has been acting very flippantly and I don't know how long I will have to put up with it. If they continue, we'll have to think of something to do. I did meet Dudain yesterday... but I won't just sit back and do nothing. May you see through the eyes of the Elementals.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
258	<Magic Weapons Merchant> Ronendl		<Magic Weapons Merchant> Ronendl	100	Ha. Welcome. Do you need something? We have a lot available, so look around. Hm, looking at what you're wearing, I think this would be a better choice. It's not made of steel, but very sturdy and light. Doesn't it look more beautiful than the one you have? What do you think?				100	Do you... want to buy weapons from me...? Hmm... I want to go and travel, but the reason I hesitate is because of people like you. I'm just afraid. Do I really need to sell weapons to you...?	100	I'm not working today. So please go away.	100	I'm not working today. So please go away.
					Contemplating? Yes, my mind wonders quite often. I'd love to leave my business behind and set off on a journey. But when a customer comes, my body naturally reacts. As a result, my business is good, but no traveling for me. It's a big worry of mine.									
					Listen to this. I was so surprised yesterday that I almost passed out. I was so thirsty at night that I got up to drink some water. But then all of a sudden, I caught some dark object out of the corner of my eye running away from me. I was so startled that I fell back. Fortunately, I found out that it was only a cat and calmed down a bit. I'm just too jittery these days.									
					Lincent told me to forget about the shop and leave on a journey. But I can't just close the shop when customers keep coming. Oh, I don't know what to do. So, is there something you need? We brought in some new items yesterday. Would you like to take a look?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
259	<Magic Armor Merchant> Sumbras		<Magic Armor Merchant> Sumbras	100	Welcome to the store of Sumbras, the greatest magic armor merchant in Laflesia. So what do you need? Oh, I can guess. Is it this? Take a look. I think you'll like it.				100	Hmm... Can I give you a piece of advice? I suggest you see the Pardoner sometime soon. You should know why better than me. I don't know your reasons. But if you buy a piece of armor, you should go and see the Pardoner.	100	Tut tut... I can't sell anything to you....	100	Tut tut... I can't sell anything to you....
					I think the little boy Telph is jealous of me. There are many things in the world that can't be solved with honesty alone. That's why I'm learning magic.									
					Hm, there's something I can't understand no matter how much I think about it. Why do Ronendl's total sales exceed mine when he hates doing business? He's not even polite to his clients... Is there a big flaw in the way I do business? Hm......									
					Making money is important, but so is saving it. Savings can come in very handy at important moments.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
260	<Archer Trainer> Siaforce		<Archer Trainer> Siaforce	100	There's no use being too serious in archery. It's often better to be focused on your emotions. Why? Because you can't be calm and composed all the time. Hahaha. So how about it? Would you like to learn something from me?				100	My motto is to enjoy life.... But the way you enjoy it just seems wrong. Go and see the Pardoner as soon as you've learned skills from me. Then you won't feel so bad anymore.... You ask how I know how you feel? It's written all over your face.	100	Should I go and have a drink...?	100	Should I go and have a drink...?
					Your face is too serious. You can't enjoy life like that! Smile like me. Hahaha! Don't you feel a lot better now?									
					Life's too short to be boring! There's a new casino opening today. How about joining me?									
					Come on in. Huh? What am I doing? Can't you see? I'm having a drink, one of the many joys of life. Hahaha!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
261	<Magic Trainer> Anakaren		<Magic Trainer> Anakaren	100	Welcome. If you wish to learn new magic, let me know. I'm not as good as my master, but I'll do my best to help you. May the luck of the Elementals be with you.				100	I can help you if you need my help.... Then I'd ruin my master's reputation and that scares me. If you want to learn skills from me, don't tell anyone about it.	100	You really are a lousy sorcerer!	100	You really are a lousy sorcerer!
					Hm...... Hm. So in order to receive the energy of the Elementals better, you...... Hm, that's it. Oh, welcome! What was I doing? Oh, I was reading this new magic book I got. It's quite interesting. Care to look? May the Elementals be with you.									
					My master became very famous a long time ago. I think you might know him. The Red Cloak Magician. He's my master. Isn't it great? I think it's wonderful that I can learn magic from such a great sorcerer. May the luck of the Elementals be with you.									
					I acknowledge that Neural, one of the sorcerers in Laflesia, has excellent skills. But he's not better than my master Enodiel. I'm going to prove it. May the luck of the Elementals be with you.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
262	<Safe Keeper> Cariten		<Safe Keeper> Cariten	100	Welcome. We safely store the belongings of adventurers. Trust us and let us store your belongings. May the Elementals bestow their kindness upon you.				100	Adventurers can safely leave their possessions in my storage, but... hmm... I have trouble storing your items.	100	Did you want to leave items with me?	100	Did you want to leave items with me?
					There's actually someone I really care for. Her name is Lincent. But because of the animosity between her family and mine, we're not in that serious of a relationship...yet. Yes. As the Humans say... I love her. May the Elementals bestow their kindness upon you.									
					The Light of the East family and the Glory of the West family actually worked together when Laflesia was first founded. Then from a certain point on, they got into fights over who was to take credit for the work. But it doesn't matter to me. May the Elementals bestow their kindness upon you.									
					The belongings you keep here can be retrieved from other safes within the city, that's what we do. So don't worry about storing your belongings here. Come visit anytime you want. May the Elementals bestow their kindness upon you.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
263	<Blacksmith> Tinkonel		<Blacksmith> Tinkonel	100	You must always enjoy your work when working as a blacksmith. Otherwise, you'll end up creating a product that's defective. So relax, have a drink and enjoy yourself. May the hammer of the Elementals pave your way.				100	Ah... Ah... Oh, sorry. You scared me. Cough, cough. What do you want? Can... I help you with something? I don't really want to....	100	Hey... You make my beer taste bad....	100	Hey... You make my beer taste bad....
					Is the work strenuous? No, I'm fine. The only difficult thing is when the liquor stacked up in the storehouse runs out. Then, I really don't want to work and life itself becomes tiresome. Aren't you like that? May the hammer of the Elementals pave your way.									
					Welcome. Would you like a glass? Dudain gave me this liquor yesterday. Hey, it tastes amazing! May the hammer of the Elementals pave your way.									
					Being a blacksmith requires a lot of energy. I've been doing this since I was young, so it's not that bad. I've learned the ropes. I must say that alcohol is certainly important in life. What? What does that have to do with my job? Well, I guess it doesn't have anything to do with it. May the hammer of the Elementals pave your way.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
264	<Item Trader> Halbol		<Item Trader> Halbol	100	Halbol...... works. Halbol...... works hard. Halbol...... likes Cariten, who helped Halbol...... work hard. Cariten is...... really nice.				100	I... did something bad... in my old village. Seems... like you did, too. Halbol will help you, so don't be full of regret. Hurry to see the Pardoner, though.	100	There's no business to be done between you and I!	100	There's no business to be done between you and I!
					Kiprosos is...... scary. Halbol...... did something wrong. Halbol is scared...... that Kiprosos will...... kick Halbol out. Halbol scared of...... Kiprosos.									
					Halbol was...... expelled from Halbol's home. Halbol did...... something bad. Bad Halbol.									
					Halbol forgot...... what Halbol did wrong. But...... Halbol did something bad. Halbol...... is reflecting on Halbol's doings.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
265	<Alchemist> Robello		<Alchemist> Robello	100	Look. Don't you need my alchemy skills? As you know, I'm Robello, Laflesia's greatest Alchemist. So don't feel shy and tell me what you need.				100	Look. Don't you need my alchemy skills? As you know, I'm Robello, Laflesia's greatest Alchemist. So don't feel shy and tell me what you need.	100	Look. Don't you need my alchemy skills? As you know, I'm Robello, Laflesia's greatest Alchemist. So don't feel shy and tell me what you need.	100	Look. Don't you need my alchemy skills? As you know, I'm Robello, Laflesia's greatest Alchemist. So don't feel shy and tell me what you need.
					Alchemy isn't just about theory. There's no need to focus on whether the Alchemists' Association acknowledges my skills or not. All that's important is for me to do my job using my skills.					Alchemy isn't just about theory. There's no need to focus on whether the Alchemists' Association acknowledges my skills or not. All that's important is for me to do my job using my skills.		Alchemy isn't just about theory. There's no need to focus on whether the Alchemists' Association acknowledges my skills or not. All that's important is for me to do my job using my skills.		Alchemy isn't just about theory. There's no need to focus on whether the Alchemists' Association acknowledges my skills or not. All that's important is for me to do my job using my skills.
					My alchemy skills aren't very profitable here in Laflesia. But thanks to my little brother Millo, I get along. That's why I really like my brother. Of course, he likes me, too.					My alchemy skills aren't very profitable here in Laflesia. But thanks to my little brother Millo, I get along. That's why I really like my brother. Of course, he likes me, too.		My alchemy skills aren't very profitable here in Laflesia. But thanks to my little brother Millo, I get along. That's why I really like my brother. Of course, he likes me, too.		My alchemy skills aren't very profitable here in Laflesia. But thanks to my little brother Millo, I get along. That's why I really like my brother. Of course, he likes me, too.
					I really like Laflesia because it's the only village where my skills have been acknowledged. That's why I'm ready to do anything for the village.					I really like Laflesia because it's the only village where my skills have been acknowledged. That's why I'm ready to do anything for the village.		I really like Laflesia because it's the only village where my skills have been acknowledged. That's why I'm ready to do anything for the village.		I really like Laflesia because it's the only village where my skills have been acknowledged. That's why I'm ready to do anything for the village.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
266	<Cook> Megaswen		<Cook> Megaswen	100	Welcome. Are you going to have a meal or buy ingredients? I'm at your service. May the joy and tastes of the Elementals.				100	Welcome. Are you going to have a meal or buy ingredients? I'm at your service. May the joy and tastes of the Elementals.	100	Welcome. Are you going to have a meal or buy ingredients? I'm at your service. May the joy and tastes of the Elementals.	100	Welcome. Are you going to have a meal or buy ingredients? I'm at your service. May the joy and tastes of the Elementals.
					Cooking is about following orders and using the ingredients mentioned in the recipe. You won't get a new dish just because you do some petty tricks and this doesn't apply only to cooking, living by a regular schedule is good for your body. Remember that and may the joy and tastes of the Elementals be with you.					Cooking is about following orders and using the ingredients mentioned in the recipe. You won't get a new dish just because you do some petty tricks and this doesn't apply only to cooking, living by a regular schedule is good for your body. Remember that and may the joy and tastes of the Elementals be with you.		Cooking is about following orders and using the ingredients mentioned in the recipe. You won't get a new dish just because you do some petty tricks and this doesn't apply only to cooking, living by a regular schedule is good for your body. Remember that and may the joy and tastes of the Elementals be with you.		Cooking is about following orders and using the ingredients mentioned in the recipe. You won't get a new dish just because you do some petty tricks and this doesn't apply only to cooking, living by a regular schedule is good for your body. Remember that and may the joy and tastes of the Elementals be with you.
					Have you...... heard of Daiscent's poem? His poems stimulate my taste buds. When I hear his poems, I end up creating delicious dishes that even I get surprised by. Could it be a coincidence? May the joy and tastes of the Elementals be with you.					Have you...... heard of Daiscent's poem? His poems stimulate my taste buds. When I hear his poems, I end up creating delicious dishes that even I get surprised by. Could it be a coincidence? May the joy and tastes of the Elementals be with you.		Have you...... heard of Daiscent's poem? His poems stimulate my taste buds. When I hear his poems, I end up creating delicious dishes that even I get surprised by. Could it be a coincidence? May the joy and tastes of the Elementals be with you.		Have you...... heard of Daiscent's poem? His poems stimulate my taste buds. When I hear his poems, I end up creating delicious dishes that even I get surprised by. Could it be a coincidence? May the joy and tastes of the Elementals be with you.
					Cooking isn't just about ingredients, you need to be skilled enough to learn a certain recipe. Wasting ingredients on a dish you can't cook is like giving pearls to a swine. Remember that and may the joy and tastes of the Elementals be with you.					Cooking isn't just about ingredients, you need to be skilled enough to learn a certain recipe. Wasting ingredients on a dish you can't cook is like giving pearls to a swine. Remember that and may the joy and tastes of the Elementals be with you.		Cooking isn't just about ingredients, you need to be skilled enough to learn a certain recipe. Wasting ingredients on a dish you can't cook is like giving pearls to a swine. Remember that and may the joy and tastes of the Elementals be with you.		Cooking isn't just about ingredients, you need to be skilled enough to learn a certain recipe. Wasting ingredients on a dish you can't cook is like giving pearls to a swine. Remember that and may the joy and tastes of the Elementals be with you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
267	<Adventurer> Inoksos		<Adventurer> Inoksos	100	An adventure is about challenging yourself. In order to win, there's no other way than to train. How about letting me teach you something?				100	An adventure is about challenging yourself. In order to win, there's no other way than to train. How about letting me teach you something?	100	An adventure is about challenging yourself. In order to win, there's no other way than to train. How about letting me teach you something?	100	An adventure is about challenging yourself. In order to win, there's no other way than to train. How about letting me teach you something?
					Not long ago, a friend asked me to get him something from out of town and I did. I heard, that village I visited recently offered a reward on my head. It doesn't matter since it's very far away, but how could they do that when I didn't do anything wrong?					Not long ago, a friend asked me to get him something from out of town and I did. I heard, that village I visited recently offered a reward on my head. It doesn't matter since it's very far away, but how could they do that when I didn't do anything wrong?		Not long ago, a friend asked me to get him something from out of town and I did. I heard, that village I visited recently offered a reward on my head. It doesn't matter since it's very far away, but how could they do that when I didn't do anything wrong?		Not long ago, a friend asked me to get him something from out of town and I did. I heard, that village I visited recently offered a reward on my head. It doesn't matter since it's very far away, but how could they do that when I didn't do anything wrong?
					I've never told this to anyone but a month ago, I was traveling outside the village and was surrounded by twenty Lamias. Thanks to my quick hands and feet, I was able to escape, but it was really scary. If you're traveling, I would suggest you are careful.					I've never told this to anyone but a month ago, I was traveling outside the village and was surrounded by twenty Lamias. Thanks to my quick hands and feet, I was able to escape, but it was really scary. If you're traveling, I would suggest you are careful.		I've never told this to anyone but a month ago, I was traveling outside the village and was surrounded by twenty Lamias. Thanks to my quick hands and feet, I was able to escape, but it was really scary. If you're traveling, I would suggest you are careful.		I've never told this to anyone but a month ago, I was traveling outside the village and was surrounded by twenty Lamias. Thanks to my quick hands and feet, I was able to escape, but it was really scary. If you're traveling, I would suggest you are careful.
					If you want to save money while traveling, you've come to the right place. I have a few skills in that field. Want to learn them from me?					If you want to save money while traveling, you've come to the right place. I have a few skills in that field. Want to learn them from me?		If you want to save money while traveling, you've come to the right place. I have a few skills in that field. Want to learn them from me?		If you want to save money while traveling, you've come to the right place. I have a few skills in that field. Want to learn them from me?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
268	<Stylist> Lincent		<Stylist> Lincent	100	Welcome. You know what a Stylist does, right? Then we can save some time. What would you like to have changed? Just tell me. I'll make it look fabulous. May the benevolent Elementals be with you.				100	Welcome. You know what a Stylist does, right? Then we can save some time. What would you like to have changed? Just tell me. I'll make it look fabulous. May the benevolent Elementals be with you.	100	Welcome. You know what a Stylist does, right? Then we can save some time. What would you like to have changed? Just tell me. I'll make it look fabulous. May the benevolent Elementals be with you.	100	Welcome. You know what a Stylist does, right? Then we can save some time. What would you like to have changed? Just tell me. I'll make it look fabulous. May the benevolent Elementals be with you.
					Oh, well...the foolish adults in my family are still fighting with other families. Can you believe they're being so foolish in an age like this? Their minds are like ancient relics. I just don't understand. May the benevolent Elementals be with you.					Oh, well...the foolish adults in my family are still fighting with other families. Can you believe they're being so foolish in an age like this? Their minds are like ancient relics. I just don't understand. May the benevolent Elementals be with you.		Oh, well...the foolish adults in my family are still fighting with other families. Can you believe they're being so foolish in an age like this? Their minds are like ancient relics. I just don't understand. May the benevolent Elementals be with you.		Oh, well...the foolish adults in my family are still fighting with other families. Can you believe they're being so foolish in an age like this? Their minds are like ancient relics. I just don't understand. May the benevolent Elementals be with you.
					Oh, gosh. Welcome. Hehe. This scarf's pretty, isn't it? Cariten bought it for me. I said it was pretty and he bought it for me! Gosh. I simply said it looked nice. Hahaha. How does it look on me? May the benevolent Elementals be with you.					Oh, gosh. Welcome. Hehe. This scarf's pretty, isn't it? Cariten bought it for me. I said it was pretty and he bought it for me! Gosh. I simply said it looked nice. Hahaha. How does it look on me? May the benevolent Elementals be with you.		Oh, gosh. Welcome. Hehe. This scarf's pretty, isn't it? Cariten bought it for me. I said it was pretty and he bought it for me! Gosh. I simply said it looked nice. Hahaha. How does it look on me? May the benevolent Elementals be with you.		Oh, gosh. Welcome. Hehe. This scarf's pretty, isn't it? Cariten bought it for me. I said it was pretty and he bought it for me! Gosh. I simply said it looked nice. Hahaha. How does it look on me? May the benevolent Elementals be with you.
					I really don't know what Cariten's worrying about. Big deal if our families are against us dating. We can save up and leave together. I don't know why we're not doing that. Well...... I admit I did spend a lot yesterday on clothes. Anyway, Cariten's a fool. May the protection of the benevolent Elementals be with you.					I really don't know what Cariten's worrying about. Big deal if our families are against us dating. We can save up and leave together. I don't know why we're not doing that. Well...... I admit I did spend a lot yesterday on clothes. Anyway, Cariten's a fool. May the protection of the benevolent Elementals be with you.		I really don't know what Cariten's worrying about. Big deal if our families are against us dating. We can save up and leave together. I don't know why we're not doing that. Well...... I admit I did spend a lot yesterday on clothes. Anyway, Cariten's a fool. May the protection of the benevolent Elementals be with you.		I really don't know what Cariten's worrying about. Big deal if our families are against us dating. We can save up and leave together. I don't know why we're not doing that. Well...... I admit I did spend a lot yesterday on clothes. Anyway, Cariten's a fool. May the protection of the benevolent Elementals be with you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
269	<Guild Registrar> Redialuna		<Guild Registrar> Redialuna	100	Tell me if you want to form a guild. All guilds made in Laflesia must be approved by me. Of course, you must be skilled. May the protection of the Elementals always be with you.				100	Tell me if you want to form a guild. All guilds made in Laflesia must be approved by me. Of course, you must be skilled. May the protection of the Elementals always be with you.	100	Tell me if you want to form a guild. All guilds made in Laflesia must be approved by me. Of course, you must be skilled. May the protection of the Elementals always be with you.	100	Tell me if you want to form a guild. All guilds made in Laflesia must be approved by me. Of course, you must be skilled. May the protection of the Elementals always be with you.
					I went to a fortune teller this morning and my fortune wasn't that good. Something's not right. My blood pressure's gone up as well. Maybe I should I just close early today and go home. May the protection of the Elementals always be with you.					I went to a fortune teller this morning and my fortune wasn't that good. Something's not right. My blood pressure's gone up as well. Maybe I should I just close early today and go home. May the protection of the Elementals always be with you.		I went to a fortune teller this morning and my fortune wasn't that good. Something's not right. My blood pressure's gone up as well. Maybe I should I just close early today and go home. May the protection of the Elementals always be with you.		I went to a fortune teller this morning and my fortune wasn't that good. Something's not right. My blood pressure's gone up as well. Maybe I should I just close early today and go home. May the protection of the Elementals always be with you.
					Kirk, my employee, was watching me having my fortune told this morning. I asked him to join me and he looked uncomfortable and left. I wonder why. May the protection of the Elementals always be with you.					Kirk, my employee, was watching me having my fortune told this morning. I asked him to join me and he looked uncomfortable and left. I wonder why. May the protection of the Elementals always be with you.		Kirk, my employee, was watching me having my fortune told this morning. I asked him to join me and he looked uncomfortable and left. I wonder why. May the protection of the Elementals always be with you.		Kirk, my employee, was watching me having my fortune told this morning. I asked him to join me and he looked uncomfortable and left. I wonder why. May the protection of the Elementals always be with you.
					Welcome. Hm, it's weird. It should've rained once by now if my fortune's correct. That's weird. Maybe it's not right? I'm glad it didn't rain! May the protection of the Elementals always be with you.					Welcome. Hm, it's weird. It should've rained once by now if my fortune's correct. That's weird. Maybe it's not right? I'm glad it didn't rain! May the protection of the Elementals always be with you.		Welcome. Hm, it's weird. It should've rained once by now if my fortune's correct. That's weird. Maybe it's not right? I'm glad it didn't rain! May the protection of the Elementals always be with you.		Welcome. Hm, it's weird. It should've rained once by now if my fortune's correct. That's weird. Maybe it's not right? I'm glad it didn't rain! May the protection of the Elementals always be with you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
270	<Bard> Daiscent		<Bard> Daiscent	100	Welcome to the performance of Bard Daiscent of Laflesia. Have you heard my poems? I just came up with a new verse for you. You won't be disappointed. May the Elementals shine glory upon you.				100	Welcome to the performance of Bard Daiscent of Laflesia. Have you heard my poems? I just came up with a new verse for you. You won't be disappointed. May the Elementals shine glory upon you.	100	Welcome to the performance of Bard Daiscent of Laflesia. Have you heard my poems? I just came up with a new verse for you. You won't be disappointed. May the Elementals shine glory upon you.	100	Welcome to the performance of Bard Daiscent of Laflesia. Have you heard my poems? I just came up with a new verse for you. You won't be disappointed. May the Elementals shine glory upon you.
					Poetry, music...... and good food are closely linked. Beautiful poetry calls for beautiful music and beautiful music naturally calls for delicious food. Don't you think so? May the Elementals shine glory upon you.					Poetry, music...... and good food are closely linked. Beautiful poetry calls for beautiful music and beautiful music naturally calls for delicious food. Don't you think so? May the Elementals shine glory upon you.		Poetry, music...... and good food are closely linked. Beautiful poetry calls for beautiful music and beautiful music naturally calls for delicious food. Don't you think so? May the Elementals shine glory upon you.		Poetry, music...... and good food are closely linked. Beautiful poetry calls for beautiful music and beautiful music naturally calls for delicious food. Don't you think so? May the Elementals shine glory upon you.
					I'm embarrassed to say this, but I thought my poems would work with certain women. But I realized differently here in Laflesia. Who am I talking about? Oh, I can't tell you, but let me just say I was rejected! May the Elementals shine glory upon you.					I'm embarrassed to say this, but I thought my poems would work with certain women. But I realized differently here in Laflesia. Who am I talking about? Oh, I can't tell you, but let me just say I was rejected! May the Elementals shine glory upon you.		I'm embarrassed to say this, but I thought my poems would work with certain women. But I realized differently here in Laflesia. Who am I talking about? Oh, I can't tell you, but let me just say I was rejected! May the Elementals shine glory upon you.		I'm embarrassed to say this, but I thought my poems would work with certain women. But I realized differently here in Laflesia. Who am I talking about? Oh, I can't tell you, but let me just say I was rejected! May the Elementals shine glory upon you.
					Welcome. I'm afraid I can't recite any poems today. No, no. Everything's fine. It's just that Dudain dropped by just now and my head's become a little cloudy. May the Elementals shine glory upon you.					Welcome. I'm afraid I can't recite any poems today. No, no. Everything's fine. It's just that Dudain dropped by just now and my head's become a little cloudy. May the Elementals shine glory upon you.		Welcome. I'm afraid I can't recite any poems today. No, no. Everything's fine. It's just that Dudain dropped by just now and my head's become a little cloudy. May the Elementals shine glory upon you.		Welcome. I'm afraid I can't recite any poems today. No, no. Everything's fine. It's just that Dudain dropped by just now and my head's become a little cloudy. May the Elementals shine glory upon you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
271	<Innkeeper> Jeronin		<Innkeeper> Jeronin	100	Welcome to where the brave rest in Laflesia. What do you need? A comfortable bed? Or warm food? Or perhaps an interesting rumor? Just ask. We've got it all.				100	Welcome to where the brave rest in Laflesia. What do you need? A comfortable bed? Or warm food? Or perhaps an interesting rumor? Just ask. We've got it all.	100	Welcome to where the brave rest in Laflesia. What do you need? A comfortable bed? Or warm food? Or perhaps an interesting rumor? Just ask. We've got it all.	100	Welcome to where the brave rest in Laflesia. What do you need? A comfortable bed? Or warm food? Or perhaps an interesting rumor? Just ask. We've got it all.
					Unlike other villages, there are no elders in Laflesia. It's because the village wasn't created simply by MoonElves, but also various other tribes. As a result, a meeting is held whenever an important issue needs to be decided upon. I participate most of the time, but I don't worry too much. There are lots of other, more talented people.					Unlike other villages, there are no elders in Laflesia. It's because the village wasn't created simply by MoonElves, but also various other tribes. As a result, a meeting is held whenever an important issue needs to be decided upon. I participate most of the time, but I don't worry too much. There are lots of other, more talented people.		Unlike other villages, there are no elders in Laflesia. It's because the village wasn't created simply by MoonElves, but also various other tribes. As a result, a meeting is held whenever an important issue needs to be decided upon. I participate most of the time, but I don't worry too much. There are lots of other, more talented people.		Unlike other villages, there are no elders in Laflesia. It's because the village wasn't created simply by MoonElves, but also various other tribes. As a result, a meeting is held whenever an important issue needs to be decided upon. I participate most of the time, but I don't worry too much. There are lots of other, more talented people.
					Have you ever met Kariel? No, it's nothing important. I just used to be on bad terms with him before. Don't pay attention to what he says about me. But I guess he wouldn't easily blurt out anything in the first place.					Have you ever met Kariel? No, it's nothing important. I just used to be on bad terms with him before. Don't pay attention to what he says about me. But I guess he wouldn't easily blurt out anything in the first place.		Have you ever met Kariel? No, it's nothing important. I just used to be on bad terms with him before. Don't pay attention to what he says about me. But I guess he wouldn't easily blurt out anything in the first place.		Have you ever met Kariel? No, it's nothing important. I just used to be on bad terms with him before. Don't pay attention to what he says about me. But I guess he wouldn't easily blurt out anything in the first place.
					Welcome. How can I help you? Huh? You want to hear some interesting rumors? Well, there's nothing worth telling today.					Welcome. How can I help you? Huh? You want to hear some interesting rumors? Well, there's nothing worth telling today.		Welcome. How can I help you? Huh? You want to hear some interesting rumors? Well, there's nothing worth telling today.		Welcome. How can I help you? Huh? You want to hear some interesting rumors? Well, there's nothing worth telling today.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
272	<Employee> Kirk		<Employee> Kirk	100	Kirk...... isn't very smart. But Kirk...... still knows a lot. Kirk...... really likes to read. That's why Kirk...... knows a lot.				100	Kirk...... isn't very smart. But Kirk...... still knows a lot. Kirk...... really likes to read. That's why Kirk...... knows a lot.	100	Kirk...... isn't very smart. But Kirk...... still knows a lot. Kirk...... really likes to read. That's why Kirk...... knows a lot.	100	Kirk...... isn't very smart. But Kirk...... still knows a lot. Kirk...... really likes to read. That's why Kirk...... knows a lot.
					I saw Redialuna...... having fortune being told. Kirk...... was very scared. Redialuna...... put frog's blood on your hand. It...... scared me.					I saw Redialuna...... having fortune being told. Kirk...... was very scared. Redialuna...... put frog's blood on your hand. It...... scared me.		I saw Redialuna...... having fortune being told. Kirk...... was very scared. Redialuna...... put frog's blood on your hand. It...... scared me.		I saw Redialuna...... having fortune being told. Kirk...... was very scared. Redialuna...... put frog's blood on your hand. It...... scared me.
					Kirk...... wants to see...... a ghost. What do...... they look like? Have you...... ever seen...... a ghost? What do...... they look like? Kirk...... really wants to see...... a ghost.					Kirk...... wants to see...... a ghost. What do...... they look like? Have you...... ever seen...... a ghost? What do...... they look like? Kirk...... really wants to see...... a ghost.		Kirk...... wants to see...... a ghost. What do...... they look like? Have you...... ever seen...... a ghost? What do...... they look like? Kirk...... really wants to see...... a ghost.		Kirk...... wants to see...... a ghost. What do...... they look like? Have you...... ever seen...... a ghost? What do...... they look like? Kirk...... really wants to see...... a ghost.
					Kirk respects...... Neural. Kirk is close...... with Inoksos. Kirk...... likes Jeronin. Kirk and Redialuna...... can understand each other. Kirk...... is happy.					Kirk respects...... Neural. Kirk is close...... with Inoksos. Kirk...... likes Jeronin. Kirk and Redialuna...... can understand each other. Kirk...... is happy.		Kirk respects...... Neural. Kirk is close...... with Inoksos. Kirk...... likes Jeronin. Kirk and Redialuna...... can understand each other. Kirk...... is happy.		Kirk respects...... Neural. Kirk is close...... with Inoksos. Kirk...... likes Jeronin. Kirk and Redialuna...... can understand each other. Kirk...... is happy.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
273	<Medicine Seller> Millo		<Medicine Seller> Millo	100	Do you know medicine? Tell me what you know traveler, I maybe able to improve your knowledge. Remember we don't sell life potions or mana potions here.				100	Do you know medicine? Tell me what you know traveler, I maybe able to improve your knowledge. Remember we don't sell life potions or mana potions here.	100	Do you know medicine? Tell me what you know traveler, I maybe able to improve your knowledge. Remember we don't sell life potions or mana potions here.	100	Do you know medicine? Tell me what you know traveler, I maybe able to improve your knowledge. Remember we don't sell life potions or mana potions here.
					Why don't we sell life potions? Because we don't think it's that good for the body. It is quite effective, but it irregularly accelerates the body's metabolism, thus creating the possibility of side effects. So it's better to use other medicine even if it might take longer to cure you.					Why don't we sell life potions? Because we don't think it's that good for the body. It is quite effective, but it irregularly accelerates the body's metabolism, thus creating the possibility of side effects. So it's better to use other medicine even if it might take longer to cure you.		Why don't we sell life potions? Because we don't think it's that good for the body. It is quite effective, but it irregularly accelerates the body's metabolism, thus creating the possibility of side effects. So it's better to use other medicine even if it might take longer to cure you.		Why don't we sell life potions? Because we don't think it's that good for the body. It is quite effective, but it irregularly accelerates the body's metabolism, thus creating the possibility of side effects. So it's better to use other medicine even if it might take longer to cure you.
					Robello is my big brother. I'm so proud of him. I'm not smart, so I can't do anything close to alchemy, but he became an alchemist by learning the trade all by himself.					Robello is my big brother. I'm so proud of him. I'm not smart, so I can't do anything close to alchemy, but he became an alchemist by learning the trade all by himself.		Robello is my big brother. I'm so proud of him. I'm not smart, so I can't do anything close to alchemy, but he became an alchemist by learning the trade all by himself.		Robello is my big brother. I'm so proud of him. I'm not smart, so I can't do anything close to alchemy, but he became an alchemist by learning the trade all by himself.
					My dream? It's to save a lot of money and create a city where alchemists like Robello can do all the research they want without worrying about money. That's both our dreams.					My dream? It's to save a lot of money and create a city where alchemists like Robello can do all the research they want without worrying about money. That's both our dreams.		My dream? It's to save a lot of money and create a city where alchemists like Robello can do all the research they want without worrying about money. That's both our dreams.		My dream? It's to save a lot of money and create a city where alchemists like Robello can do all the research they want without worrying about money. That's both our dreams.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
274	<Sorcerer> Neural		<Sorcerer> Neural	100	Welcome, young adventurer. I sense a rare energy in you. Concentrate on your inner being and you'll definitely become a great man. May the Elementals bless you with their knowledge.				100	Welcome, young adventurer. I sense a rare energy in you. Concentrate on your inner being and you'll definitely become a great man. May the Elementals bless you with their knowledge.	100	Welcome, young adventurer. I sense a rare energy in you. Concentrate on your inner being and you'll definitely become a great man. May the Elementals bless you with their knowledge.	100	Welcome, young adventurer. I sense a rare energy in you. Concentrate on your inner being and you'll definitely become a great man. May the Elementals bless you with their knowledge.
					They call me a sorcerer, but I'm still in the learning stage. I may be slightly better than young sorcerers, but I believe learning is a lifelong thing. May the Elementals bless you with their knowledge.					They call me a sorcerer, but I'm still in the learning stage. I may be slightly better than young sorcerers, but I believe learning is a lifelong thing. May the Elementals bless you with their knowledge.		They call me a sorcerer, but I'm still in the learning stage. I may be slightly better than young sorcerers, but I believe learning is a lifelong thing. May the Elementals bless you with their knowledge.		They call me a sorcerer, but I'm still in the learning stage. I may be slightly better than young sorcerers, but I believe learning is a lifelong thing. May the Elementals bless you with their knowledge.
					Frankly, I'm not that close with city people. It's personal...so I really can't talk about it. May the Elementals bless you with their knowledge.					Frankly, I'm not that close with city people. It's personal...so I really can't talk about it. May the Elementals bless you with their knowledge.		Frankly, I'm not that close with city people. It's personal...so I really can't talk about it. May the Elementals bless you with their knowledge.		Frankly, I'm not that close with city people. It's personal...so I really can't talk about it. May the Elementals bless you with their knowledge.
					Dudain keeps talking to me these days, but I find him annoying. I have no idea what's going on in his head. You'd best be careful too. May the Elementals bless you with their knowledge.					Dudain keeps talking to me these days, but I find him annoying. I have no idea what's going on in his head. You'd best be careful too. May the Elementals bless you with their knowledge.		Dudain keeps talking to me these days, but I find him annoying. I have no idea what's going on in his head. You'd best be careful too. May the Elementals bless you with their knowledge.		Dudain keeps talking to me these days, but I find him annoying. I have no idea what's going on in his head. You'd best be careful too. May the Elementals bless you with their knowledge.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
275	<Carpenter> Bro Woodcracker		<Carpenter> Bro Woodcracker	100	Do you need furniture? Hmm..or perhaps a chair? I can make anything out of wood, want to take a look?				100	Do you need furniture? Hmm..or perhaps a chair? I can make anything out of wood, want to take a look?	100	Do you need furniture? Hmm..or perhaps a chair? I can make anything out of wood, want to take a look?	100	Do you need furniture? Hmm..or perhaps a chair? I can make anything out of wood, want to take a look?
					Being a carpenter is hard sometimes, but I like it.					Being a carpenter is hard sometimes, but I like it.		Being a carpenter is hard sometimes, but I like it.		Being a carpenter is hard sometimes, but I like it.
					Fixing damaged furniture is a hard task, but it's also fun. That's why I keep doing it. Hmmm... Where did I leave my tool box.					Fixing damaged furniture is a hard task, but it's also fun. That's why I keep doing it. Hmmm... Where did I leave my tool box.		Fixing damaged furniture is a hard task, but it's also fun. That's why I keep doing it. Hmmm... Where did I leave my tool box.		Fixing damaged furniture is a hard task, but it's also fun. That's why I keep doing it. Hmmm... Where did I leave my tool box.
					I had a drink with Tinkonel yesterday. That was fun...she can really handle her drink! We get along famously, but above all, my best friend is wood. Yes, wood is the best.					I had a drink with Tinkonel yesterday. That was fun...she can really handle her drink! We get along famously, but above all, my best friend is wood. Yes, wood is the best.		I had a drink with Tinkonel yesterday. That was fun...she can really handle her drink! We get along famously, but above all, my best friend is wood. Yes, wood is the best.		I had a drink with Tinkonel yesterday. That was fun...she can really handle her drink! We get along famously, but above all, my best friend is wood. Yes, wood is the best.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
276	<Citizen> Dudain		<Citizen> Dudain	100	I, Dudain, am most certainly the best representative of Laflesia. But there are so many who don't realize that. Don't you think so? Blessings to you in the name of the Elementals and me.				100	I, Dudain, am most certainly the best representative of Laflesia. But there are so many who don't realize that. Don't you think so? Blessings to you in the name of the Elementals and me.	100	I, Dudain, am most certainly the best representative of Laflesia. But there are so many who don't realize that. Don't you think so? Blessings to you in the name of the Elementals and me.	100	I, Dudain, am most certainly the best representative of Laflesia. But there are so many who don't realize that. Don't you think so? Blessings to you in the name of the Elementals and me.
					We haven't had strangers come lately, so it's nice to have you. Your looks aren't that great, you wear cheap clothes and you don't look that neat but you can work for me. There's no use saying 'no,' so come whenever I call. Blessings to you in the name of the Elementals.					We haven't had strangers come lately, so it's nice to have you. Your looks aren't that great, you wear cheap clothes and you don't look that neat but you can work for me. There's no use saying 'no,' so come whenever I call. Blessings to you in the name of the Elementals.		We haven't had strangers come lately, so it's nice to have you. Your looks aren't that great, you wear cheap clothes and you don't look that neat but you can work for me. There's no use saying 'no,' so come whenever I call. Blessings to you in the name of the Elementals.		We haven't had strangers come lately, so it's nice to have you. Your looks aren't that great, you wear cheap clothes and you don't look that neat but you can work for me. There's no use saying 'no,' so come whenever I call. Blessings to you in the name of the Elementals.
					Last time, Kiprosos tried to do things his way, so I objected. Then Daliscent said, 'Don't be so shallow. Stop shouting and just be quiet, you pumpkin.' How dare he? I couldn't believe it. I'll get back at him one day. Blessings to you in the name of the Elementals and me.					Last time, Kiprosos tried to do things his way, so I objected. Then Daliscent said, 'Don't be so shallow. Stop shouting and just be quiet, you pumpkin.' How dare he? I couldn't believe it. I'll get back at him one day. Blessings to you in the name of the Elementals and me.		Last time, Kiprosos tried to do things his way, so I objected. Then Daliscent said, 'Don't be so shallow. Stop shouting and just be quiet, you pumpkin.' How dare he? I couldn't believe it. I'll get back at him one day. Blessings to you in the name of the Elementals and me.		Last time, Kiprosos tried to do things his way, so I objected. Then Daliscent said, 'Don't be so shallow. Stop shouting and just be quiet, you pumpkin.' How dare he? I couldn't believe it. I'll get back at him one day. Blessings to you in the name of the Elementals and me.
					What? I'm not in the mood to talk to anyone, so please leave. You really should try to dress better. Blessings to you in the name of the Elementals and me.					What? I'm not in the mood to talk to anyone, so please leave. You really should try to dress better. Blessings to you in the name of the Elementals and me.		What? I'm not in the mood to talk to anyone, so please leave. You really should try to dress better. Blessings to you in the name of the Elementals and me.		What? I'm not in the mood to talk to anyone, so please leave. You really should try to dress better. Blessings to you in the name of the Elementals and me.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
277	<Citizen> Kariel		<Citizen> Kariel	100	Welcome, young man. So how are your travels? Are they fun? If you have any interesting stories, I'd love to hear them.				100	Welcome, young man. So how are your travels? Are they fun? If you have any interesting stories, I'd love to hear them.	100	Welcome, young man. So how are your travels? Are they fun? If you have any interesting stories, I'd love to hear them.	100	Welcome, young man. So how are your travels? Are they fun? If you have any interesting stories, I'd love to hear them.
					Laflesia is quite a big city. As a result, it has a big population, which can cause different problems. But I'm not too worried because Kiprosos can handle those problems well.					Laflesia is quite a big city. As a result, it has a big population, which can cause different problems. But I'm not too worried because Kiprosos can handle those problems well.		Laflesia is quite a big city. As a result, it has a big population, which can cause different problems. But I'm not too worried because Kiprosos can handle those problems well.		Laflesia is quite a big city. As a result, it has a big population, which can cause different problems. But I'm not too worried because Kiprosos can handle those problems well.
					You mean Jeronin? Of course, I know him. But I have nothing more to say about him. We haven't been getting along since we clashed on some issues.					You mean Jeronin? Of course, I know him. But I have nothing more to say about him. We haven't been getting along since we clashed on some issues.		You mean Jeronin? Of course, I know him. But I have nothing more to say about him. We haven't been getting along since we clashed on some issues.		You mean Jeronin? Of course, I know him. But I have nothing more to say about him. We haven't been getting along since we clashed on some issues.
					My job is quite simple. It's to assist Kiprosos. But it can be quite frustrating.					My job is quite simple. It's to assist Kiprosos. But it can be quite frustrating.		My job is quite simple. It's to assist Kiprosos. But it can be quite frustrating.		My job is quite simple. It's to assist Kiprosos. But it can be quite frustrating.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
278	<Citizen> Dalicent		<Citizen> Dalicent	100	Oh, my. How can you go around wearing such hideous clothes? You have no taste at all. I guess it's none of my business if you enjoy wearing those kinds of clothes, but I've never seen such tasteless fashion. Thanks to you, I had a good laugh. May the Elementals be with you.				100	Oh, my. How can you go around wearing such hideous clothes? You have no taste at all. I guess it's none of my business if you enjoy wearing those kinds of clothes, but I've never seen such tasteless fashion. Thanks to you, I had a good laugh. May the Elementals be with you.	100	Oh, my. How can you go around wearing such hideous clothes? You have no taste at all. I guess it's none of my business if you enjoy wearing those kinds of clothes, but I've never seen such tasteless fashion. Thanks to you, I had a good laugh. May the Elementals be with you.	100	Oh, my. How can you go around wearing such hideous clothes? You have no taste at all. I guess it's none of my business if you enjoy wearing those kinds of clothes, but I've never seen such tasteless fashion. Thanks to you, I had a good laugh. May the Elementals be with you.
					Growing hasasena fruits is a difficult task, but even you can run a big farm like I do. Of course, you do need a significant amount of capital. May the Elementals be with you.					Growing hasasena fruits is a difficult task, but even you can run a big farm like I do. Of course, you do need a significant amount of capital. May the Elementals be with you.		Growing hasasena fruits is a difficult task, but even you can run a big farm like I do. Of course, you do need a significant amount of capital. May the Elementals be with you.		Growing hasasena fruits is a difficult task, but even you can run a big farm like I do. Of course, you do need a significant amount of capital. May the Elementals be with you.
					Anyway, you really should look into taking care of yourself. If you're like this at your age, I can't imagine what you'll be like when you're older. Looks aren't everything, but it's not easy to look inside someone when they don't have it together on the outside. May the Elementals be with you.					Anyway, you really should look into taking care of yourself. If you're like this at your age, I can't imagine what you'll be like when you're older. Looks aren't everything, but it's not easy to look inside someone when they don't have it together on the outside. May the Elementals be with you.		Anyway, you really should look into taking care of yourself. If you're like this at your age, I can't imagine what you'll be like when you're older. Looks aren't everything, but it's not easy to look inside someone when they don't have it together on the outside. May the Elementals be with you.		Anyway, you really should look into taking care of yourself. If you're like this at your age, I can't imagine what you'll be like when you're older. Looks aren't everything, but it's not easy to look inside someone when they don't have it together on the outside. May the Elementals be with you.
					Oh, it seems like Kiprosos is trying to start something new and Dudain's getting in his way. So I gave Dudain a word of caution and he got angry. I simply told him not to speak in such a superficial manner. May the Elementals be with you.					Oh, it seems like Kiprosos is trying to start something new and Dudain's getting in his way. So I gave Dudain a word of caution and he got angry. I simply told him not to speak in such a superficial manner. May the Elementals be with you.		Oh, it seems like Kiprosos is trying to start something new and Dudain's getting in his way. So I gave Dudain a word of caution and he got angry. I simply told him not to speak in such a superficial manner. May the Elementals be with you.		Oh, it seems like Kiprosos is trying to start something new and Dudain's getting in his way. So I gave Dudain a word of caution and he got angry. I simply told him not to speak in such a superficial manner. May the Elementals be with you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
279	<City Representative> Kiprosos		<City Representative> Kiprosos	100	Welcome. Do you like Laflesia? I hope you think of it as a city where adventurers like you can stop by and relax. So if you have any problems, please tell me.				100	Welcome. Do you like Laflesia? I hope you think of it as a city where adventurers like you can stop by and relax. So if you have any problems, please tell me.	100	Welcome. Do you like Laflesia? I hope you think of it as a city where adventurers like you can stop by and relax. So if you have any problems, please tell me.	100	Welcome. Do you like Laflesia? I hope you think of it as a city where adventurers like you can stop by and relax. So if you have any problems, please tell me.
					There haven't been any big problems lately but I still can't let down my guard. A city's always prone to have different kinds of problems.					There haven't been any big problems lately but I still can't let down my guard. A city's always prone to have different kinds of problems.		There haven't been any big problems lately but I still can't let down my guard. A city's always prone to have different kinds of problems.		There haven't been any big problems lately but I still can't let down my guard. A city's always prone to have different kinds of problems.
					The Glory of the West and the Light of the East families used to be close, but recently they've grown apart quite fast. I'm worried because their feud has left a dark cloud over the city. They all love this city, however, so I'm sure nothing big will happen.					The Glory of the West and the Light of the East families used to be close, but recently they've grown apart quite fast. I'm worried because their feud has left a dark cloud over the city. They all love this city, however, so I'm sure nothing big will happen.		The Glory of the West and the Light of the East families used to be close, but recently they've grown apart quite fast. I'm worried because their feud has left a dark cloud over the city. They all love this city, however, so I'm sure nothing big will happen.		The Glory of the West and the Light of the East families used to be close, but recently they've grown apart quite fast. I'm worried because their feud has left a dark cloud over the city. They all love this city, however, so I'm sure nothing big will happen.
					A city representative isn't that special. Things in the city are executed in my name. It can be uncomfortable now and then, but I don't put much weight on it. Doing my job to the best of my ability is my only goal.					A city representative isn't that special. Things in the city are executed in my name. It can be uncomfortable now and then, but I don't put much weight on it. Doing my job to the best of my ability is my only goal.		A city representative isn't that special. Things in the city are executed in my name. It can be uncomfortable now and then, but I don't put much weight on it. Doing my job to the best of my ability is my only goal.		A city representative isn't that special. Things in the city are executed in my name. It can be uncomfortable now and then, but I don't put much weight on it. Doing my job to the best of my ability is my only goal.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
280	<Merchant> Velven		<Merchant> Velven	100	Welcome. Wow, looking at your clothes, you must be a traveler! Are you here because you need something? Hehe. We have almost everything, so look around May the joy of the Elementals be with you.				100	Ah! You're the one everybody talks about! I.. I can sell items to you. But the price will be steep!	100	Argh! I didn't do anything wrong!	100	Argh! I didn't do anything wrong!
					Don't you have any fun travel stories? Haven't you heard any secrets? If you have, do share them with me. I love listening to such stories. Huh? There's nothing that comes to mind? Then, promise to tell me when you remember something. May the joy of the Elementals be with you.									
					I heard that there's a small mountain near Deribelle where ghastly monsters with ten horns on their head dwell. They're so big that they can even eat cows in one whole bite. Can you believe it? I can't. May the joy of the Elementals be with you.									
					Hm, this plus that.. is 500. Then add that and it's... 750. Then add this again. Oh, subtract that and I get ...680. Hm. Oh, welcome. I was going through stock. Is there something you need? May the joy of the Elementals be with you.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
281	<Archer Weapons Merchant> Benincent		<Archer Weapons Merchant> Benincent	100	Welcome. I take it that you're an adventurer. Are you armed? If you're not, then come take a look at my weapons. You won't be disappointed. May the heart of the Elementals be with you.				100	It seems like you hurt a lot of people. You don't actually want to buy my weapons, do you? Earning money is nice. But... I'd rather you didn't spend it here. Don't you know the reason most of all?	100	You don't have a weapon? I still can't sell anything to you.	100	You don't have a weapon? I still can't sell anything to you.
					I originally wasn't a merchant. My family, Flight of the Crescent Moon, were artisans renowned for making fantastic bows. I became a merchant because I wasn't good enough at crafting. May the soul of the Elementals be with you.									
					The most important thing in making a bow is your will to complete something. But I failed because I lacked such passion. That's why I'm just selling merchandise like this. May the soul of the Elementals be with you.									
					Unlike other merchants, Menta has a strong artisan's Elemental. You can buy his merchandise without any doubt of its quality. May the soul of the Elementals be with you.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
282	<Archer Armor Merchant> Pilguen		<Archer Armor Merchant> Pilguen	100	Pilguen goes wherever there are customers! Welcome. Haha. How can I help you? As I said...... I, Pilguen, will get my customer's anything they might need. Don't hesitate to ask. May the energy of the Elementals be with you forever.				100	Come in! Eh? No, no, I wasn't talking to you. I was talking to the customer next to you. Do you want anything from me? If not, then finish up and leave. Hahaha! Customer... I wasn't talking to you. Please take your time and then leave.	100	You're not my customer, so I don't have to be nice. I won't sell anything to you.	100	You're not my customer, so I don't have to be nice. I won't sell anything to you.
					I originally wanted to be a ranger. I practiced shooting bows all the time and could run quite well, but alas, I guess you can't always do what you want in life. But this work isn't that bad either, haha! May the energy of the Elementals be with you forever.									
					Welcome. Haha! Don't be so surprised. I'm pretty fast. The items you mentioned are over there, so go take a look. You'll be surprised. May the energy of the Elementals be with you forever.									
					A short time ago I installed a new alarm system outside the village with Lizio. Berceluna got angry because the alarm reacted not only to monsters, but also to travelers. But it was so funny. Haha. I'd like to show you. May the energy of the Elementals be with you forever.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
283	<Magic Weapons Merchant> Siasien		<Magic Weapons Merchant> Siasien	100	Welcome. You must be a traveler. Would you like to take a look at my weapons? But be careful. Some of them are cursed.				100	You're here to see weapons? Hmm... Some of them are cursed, so be careful. Well... I'm hoping you'll take something cursed, though.... Oh... Don't mind me, I'm just talking to myself.	100	You and all like you should be cursed....	100	You and all like you should be cursed....
					I've been under the Elf Village's curse for years. Oh, don't worry. The curse only works when I'm in that village, I'm safe here. Then again, it's safe only when I've purified these cursed items.									
					Welcome. I look depressed? Yes, I guess...... I am a bit. It all comes down to one thing after all. I'm cursed.									
					Lintenluna was the first to approach me even when she knew I was cursed. I'm really thankful, but I'm very worried that something might happen to her because of me. I wonder if things will be okay.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
284	<Magic Armor Merchant> Menta		<Magic Armor Merchant> Menta	100	Welcome. What's with your armor? You must always use the best armor! Why don't you look at my armor? It should be a lot better than the one you're wearing.				100	I don't want to sell armor to you. I want to sell it to those you kill so unfairly. I won't stop you from buying items, but be aware that I really don't want you to. You probably know why I'm telling you this.	100	Don't even think about setting foot in here!	100	Don't even think about setting foot in here!
					I used to be a sorcerer as well. But after I almost died because of bad armor, I became a merchant. I only wanted to do something to save people's lives.									
					I always do everything according to a schedule. Thanks to that, people call me a 'Walking Clock.' You should lead a more regular life, too. It's good for the health.									
					Oh...... Welcome. Hm, where did I put it? Huh? Oh, no. Nothing. I was looking for the account book that was here. Oh, here it is. Whewh. Thank goodness. So what is it you need?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
285	<Archer Trainer> Gonos		<Archer Trainer> Gonos	100	Do you want to be my student? Remember.... You should never skip training.. Not even for a day!				100	I don't want to teach someone like you any skills.... If you had a special reason, I would, but...	100	¡¦.	100	¡¦.
					My name? You need not know about its origins. I simply wish to avenge my enemy.									
					Some say I'm blunt, but that's not too important.									
					Berceluna is certainly a great woman. I have high expectations of her.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
286	<Magic Trainer> Lintenluna		<Magic Trainer> Lintenluna	100	Welcome. I can see you possess great potential. So how about it? Do you wish to learn something from me? May the Elementals light your way.				100	Meeting someone new is always special, but I pity the people who get to know you. I really don't want to find out any more about you. So if you're done with the skills, please leave.	100	Go back!	100	Go back!
					I've met many travelers on my journeys and think it's really fabulous to make new relationships. Dramaus, Milo, Excador, Berceluna...... Who would've thought I'd meet these travelers again in this city? May the Elementals light your way.									
					I was once asked to work for the Elders. But I thought it to be unfair to work for a certain person. So now, I'm a trainer for many people, and I find it rather enjoyable. May the Elementals light your way.									
					Hm, I think Aratama is selecting a few candidates to be the next elder. I wonder who will be chosen? May the Elementals light your way.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
287	<Safe Keeper> Lizio		<Safe Keeper> Lizio	100	Welcome. Welcome. So what do you wish to keep with me? It doesn't matter what it is. This specially made safe will store your belongings-- whatever they may be. Hahaha! May the blessings of the Elementals be with your adventures.				100	Do you want to leave anything? Ah... But I don't want to store your stuff.... Well, I'll do it anyway, since you came to the excellent safe keeper Lizio.	100	If you're here to store your items, okay. But don't blame me if anything gets lost!	100	If you're here to store your items, okay. But don't blame me if anything gets lost!
					Hm, I don't know if you've heard, but the alarm system I installed outside the village was really something. It was taken down because Berceluna demanded so, but it was a wonderful piece. May the Elementals bless you on your adventures.									
					Welcome. Dramaus is planning for the festival that's to be held soon. Fireworks will be fired from the highest tower in Deribelle. No one's tried it before. Doesn't it sound wonderful? May the blessings of the Elementals be with your adventures.									
					Keeping a safe is a pretty frustrating job. But then again, I guess it's an easy job since I have this specially made safe that can keep anything. Hahaha! May the blessings of the Elementals be with your adventures.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
288	<Blacksmith> Laurelluna		<Blacksmith> Laurelluna	100	Do you need any equipment? May the splendor of the Elementals shine from you.				100	Wha... what... do you want...? If you're done... Hurry... and... go away....	100	¡¦.. Go... go away.	100	¡¦.. Go... go away.
					I...... uh...... am a little timid. That's why...... I don't speak much. May the splendor of the Elementals shine from you.									
					Kiriscent is my hope. She will achieve what I have not been able to. That's why I trust in her. May the splendor of the Elementals shine from you.									
					Welcome. Huh? What is the equipment next to me? Oh, it's equipments for archaeology that Kiriscent ordered. I'm the one in charge of making them. May the splendor of the Elementals shine from you.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
289	<Item Trader> Yold		<Item Trader> Yold	100	Welcome. Yold...... will buy...... your item. Just...... tell me which one.				100	I, Yold, am tired. And you make it worse. I'll be fine once you put the items down and leave.	100	You... annoy me.	100	You... annoy me.
					Yold is...... bored. Yold feeling...... dull. Yold...... tired. Yold...... doesn't like to work. But Yold...... works. Yold...... tired.									
					Yold really like...... Aratama. Yold really like...... Wendillen. Yold...... likes.									
					You...... annoying. Leave your item. Yold will...... sell when Yold can.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
290	<Alchemist> Milo		<Alchemist> Milo	100	Welcome. How can I help you? Or are you here just to look around? If it's the latter, please leave. There's not much to see.				100	Welcome. How can I help you? Or are you here just to look around? If it's the latter, please leave. There's not much to see.	100	Welcome. How can I help you? Or are you here just to look around? If it's the latter, please leave. There's not much to see.	100	Welcome. How can I help you? Or are you here just to look around? If it's the latter, please leave. There's not much to see.
					If you get excited easily and are not meticulous, don't even dream about becoming an alchemist. The key to alchemy is how well you control yourself.					If you get excited easily and are not meticulous, don't even dream about becoming an alchemist. The key to alchemy is how well you control yourself.		If you get excited easily and are not meticulous, don't even dream about becoming an alchemist. The key to alchemy is how well you control yourself.		If you get excited easily and are not meticulous, don't even dream about becoming an alchemist. The key to alchemy is how well you control yourself.
					I think Kiriscent, who's an archeologist in Deribelle, is great in many ways. But it doesn't mean I directly support her or anything. You know...... what I'm talking about.					I think Kiriscent, who's an archeologist in Deribelle, is great in many ways. But it doesn't mean I directly support her or anything. You know...... what I'm talking about.		I think Kiriscent, who's an archeologist in Deribelle, is great in many ways. But it doesn't mean I directly support her or anything. You know...... what I'm talking about.		I think Kiriscent, who's an archeologist in Deribelle, is great in many ways. But it doesn't mean I directly support her or anything. You know...... what I'm talking about.
					I don't know what Dramaus is thinking. How could he raise such beasts? It makes me scared to live in this city. Ugg...ugg...					I don't know what Dramaus is thinking. How could he raise such beasts? It makes me scared to live in this city. Ugg...ugg...		I don't know what Dramaus is thinking. How could he raise such beasts? It makes me scared to live in this city. Ugg...ugg...		I don't know what Dramaus is thinking. How could he raise such beasts? It makes me scared to live in this city. Ugg...ugg...
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
291	<Cook> Nuincent		<Cook> Nuincent	100	Welcome. You must be hungry. Please wait a while and I'll cook you a delicious meal. May the persistence and patience of the Elementals be with you.				100	Welcome. You must be hungry. Please wait a while and I'll cook you a delicious meal. May the persistence and patience of the Elementals be with you.	100	Welcome. You must be hungry. Please wait a while and I'll cook you a delicious meal. May the persistence and patience of the Elementals be with you.	100	Welcome. You must be hungry. Please wait a while and I'll cook you a delicious meal. May the persistence and patience of the Elementals be with you.
					It wasn't easy buying the ingredients, maybe I was looking for ones that are too fancy. Well, I'm glad that Velven manages to find me what I need. May the persistence and patience of the Elementals be with you.					It wasn't easy buying the ingredients, maybe I was looking for ones that are too fancy. Well, I'm glad that Velven manages to find me what I need. May the persistence and patience of the Elementals be with you.		It wasn't easy buying the ingredients, maybe I was looking for ones that are too fancy. Well, I'm glad that Velven manages to find me what I need. May the persistence and patience of the Elementals be with you.		It wasn't easy buying the ingredients, maybe I was looking for ones that are too fancy. Well, I'm glad that Velven manages to find me what I need. May the persistence and patience of the Elementals be with you.
					I was devastated when I lost the cooking competition last year. This year, I took first place. What was my secret? Persistence and patience. May the Elementals be with you.					I was devastated when I lost the cooking competition last year. This year, I took first place. What was my secret? Persistence and patience. May the Elementals be with you.		I was devastated when I lost the cooking competition last year. This year, I took first place. What was my secret? Persistence and patience. May the Elementals be with you.		I was devastated when I lost the cooking competition last year. This year, I took first place. What was my secret? Persistence and patience. May the Elementals be with you.
					Battle? Well, I don't know much about it. But I could tell you a lot about cooking. Would you like to hear? May the persistence and patience of the Elementals be with you.					Battle? Well, I don't know much about it. But I could tell you a lot about cooking. Would you like to hear? May the persistence and patience of the Elementals be with you.		Battle? Well, I don't know much about it. But I could tell you a lot about cooking. Would you like to hear? May the persistence and patience of the Elementals be with you.		Battle? Well, I don't know much about it. But I could tell you a lot about cooking. Would you like to hear? May the persistence and patience of the Elementals be with you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
292	<Adventurer> Dramaus		<Adventurer> Dramaus	100	An adventurer. An adventurer. Isn't it a great job? Yes, it is. I'm more experienced than you in terms of adventures, so is there something you wish to learn from me?				100	An adventurer. An adventurer. Isn't it a great job? Yes, it is. I'm more experienced than you in terms of adventures, so is there something you wish to learn from me?	100	An adventurer. An adventurer. Isn't it a great job? Yes, it is. I'm more experienced than you in terms of adventures, so is there something you wish to learn from me?	100	An adventurer. An adventurer. Isn't it a great job? Yes, it is. I'm more experienced than you in terms of adventures, so is there something you wish to learn from me?
					Animals are amazing. I raise a few at home because I always want to see them up close. Drop by when you have time.					Animals are amazing. I raise a few at home because I always want to see them up close. Drop by when you have time.		Animals are amazing. I raise a few at home because I always want to see them up close. Drop by when you have time.		Animals are amazing. I raise a few at home because I always want to see them up close. Drop by when you have time.
					A few guys were brave enough to attack my animals last time. Of course, I made them pay for it. I don't know why they would do such a barbaric thing.					A few guys were brave enough to attack my animals last time. Of course, I made them pay for it. I don't know why they would do such a barbaric thing.		A few guys were brave enough to attack my animals last time. Of course, I made them pay for it. I don't know why they would do such a barbaric thing.		A few guys were brave enough to attack my animals last time. Of course, I made them pay for it. I don't know why they would do such a barbaric thing.
					I know that being a hunter is Hudian's job, but I'm not too impressed. After all, all he does is kill animals. I don't think I'd ever become close with him.					I know that being a hunter is Hudian's job, but I'm not too impressed. After all, all he does is kill animals. I don't think I'd ever become close with him.		I know that being a hunter is Hudian's job, but I'm not too impressed. After all, all he does is kill animals. I don't think I'd ever become close with him.		I know that being a hunter is Hudian's job, but I'm not too impressed. After all, all he does is kill animals. I don't think I'd ever become close with him.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
293	<Stylist> Purpleluna		<Stylist> Purpleluna	100	A Stylist is a great job. You can give anyone the kind of attractive look they want. Is there a certain look you want, too? Tell me. May the grandeur and elegance of the Elementals be with you.				100	A Stylist is a great job. You can give anyone the kind of attractive look they want. Is there a certain look you want, too? Tell me. May the grandeur and elegance of the Elementals be with you.	100	A Stylist is a great job. You can give anyone the kind of attractive look they want. Is there a certain look you want, too? Tell me. May the grandeur and elegance of the Elementals be with you.	100	A Stylist is a great job. You can give anyone the kind of attractive look they want. Is there a certain look you want, too? Tell me. May the grandeur and elegance of the Elementals be with you.
					I looked horrible when I was young. You don't believe me? It's true. My ugly face drove me to become a stylist and in turn I became very pretty. I feel thankful in a way. May the grandeur and elegance of the Elementals be with you.					I looked horrible when I was young. You don't believe me? It's true. My ugly face drove me to become a stylist and in turn I became very pretty. I feel thankful in a way. May the grandeur and elegance of the Elementals be with you.		I looked horrible when I was young. You don't believe me? It's true. My ugly face drove me to become a stylist and in turn I became very pretty. I feel thankful in a way. May the grandeur and elegance of the Elementals be with you.		I looked horrible when I was young. You don't believe me? It's true. My ugly face drove me to become a stylist and in turn I became very pretty. I feel thankful in a way. May the grandeur and elegance of the Elementals be with you.
					I think the prettier I get, the more dignified I become. In that respect, I guess no one's as dignified as the MoonElves. This might sound obvious, but I can't imagine a tribe that's prettier than them. May the grandeur and elegance of the Elementals be with you.					I think the prettier I get, the more dignified I become. In that respect, I guess no one's as dignified as the MoonElves. This might sound obvious, but I can't imagine a tribe that's prettier than them. May the grandeur and elegance of the Elementals be with you.		I think the prettier I get, the more dignified I become. In that respect, I guess no one's as dignified as the MoonElves. This might sound obvious, but I can't imagine a tribe that's prettier than them. May the grandeur and elegance of the Elementals be with you.		I think the prettier I get, the more dignified I become. In that respect, I guess no one's as dignified as the MoonElves. This might sound obvious, but I can't imagine a tribe that's prettier than them. May the grandeur and elegance of the Elementals be with you.
					I don't know what Wendillen thinks, but she should become the next elder. I'm not saying this because she's family, but because she's got the decisiveness and wit suitable for an elder. May the grandeur and elegance of the Elementals be with you.					I don't know what Wendillen thinks, but she should become the next elder. I'm not saying this because she's family, but because she's got the decisiveness and wit suitable for an elder. May the grandeur and elegance of the Elementals be with you.		I don't know what Wendillen thinks, but she should become the next elder. I'm not saying this because she's family, but because she's got the decisiveness and wit suitable for an elder. May the grandeur and elegance of the Elementals be with you.		I don't know what Wendillen thinks, but she should become the next elder. I'm not saying this because she's family, but because she's got the decisiveness and wit suitable for an elder. May the grandeur and elegance of the Elementals be with you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
294	<Guild Registrar> Wendillen		<Guild Registrar> Wendillen	100	Do you wish to form a guild? Then come when you're thoroughly prepared. There's no use just jumping into the task. May the decisiveness and wit of the Elementals be with you.				100	Do you wish to form a guild? Then come when you're thoroughly prepared. There's no use just jumping into the task. May the decisiveness and wit of the Elementals be with you.	100	Do you wish to form a guild? Then come when you're thoroughly prepared. There's no use just jumping into the task. May the decisiveness and wit of the Elementals be with you.	100	Do you wish to form a guild? Then come when you're thoroughly prepared. There's no use just jumping into the task. May the decisiveness and wit of the Elementals be with you.
					You know what? I don't know why people are telling me to become the elder when I have no interest whatsoever. I wish they'd leave me alone. May the decisiveness and wit of the Elementals be with you.					You know what? I don't know why people are telling me to become the elder when I have no interest whatsoever. I wish they'd leave me alone. May the decisiveness and wit of the Elementals be with you.		You know what? I don't know why people are telling me to become the elder when I have no interest whatsoever. I wish they'd leave me alone. May the decisiveness and wit of the Elementals be with you.		You know what? I don't know why people are telling me to become the elder when I have no interest whatsoever. I wish they'd leave me alone. May the decisiveness and wit of the Elementals be with you.
					I help Aratama now and then when he needs to make decisions about the city. But it's nothing great. If that's reason enough for me to become the elder, then I'm sure everyone else in the city also deserves to be one, too. May the decisiveness and wit of the Elementals be with you.					I help Aratama now and then when he needs to make decisions about the city. But it's nothing great. If that's reason enough for me to become the elder, then I'm sure everyone else in the city also deserves to be one, too. May the decisiveness and wit of the Elementals be with you.		I help Aratama now and then when he needs to make decisions about the city. But it's nothing great. If that's reason enough for me to become the elder, then I'm sure everyone else in the city also deserves to be one, too. May the decisiveness and wit of the Elementals be with you.		I help Aratama now and then when he needs to make decisions about the city. But it's nothing great. If that's reason enough for me to become the elder, then I'm sure everyone else in the city also deserves to be one, too. May the decisiveness and wit of the Elementals be with you.
					Recently, I've often thought about working somewhere quiet and peaceful, where no one can bother me. May the decisiveness and wit of the Elementals be with you.					Recently, I've often thought about working somewhere quiet and peaceful, where no one can bother me. May the decisiveness and wit of the Elementals be with you.		Recently, I've often thought about working somewhere quiet and peaceful, where no one can bother me. May the decisiveness and wit of the Elementals be with you.		Recently, I've often thought about working somewhere quiet and peaceful, where no one can bother me. May the decisiveness and wit of the Elementals be with you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
295	<Tailor> Ferana		<Tailor> Ferana	100	Welcome. Do you something tailored? Then tell me. I'll fix it up for you right away. May the judgment of the Elementals bring you hope.				100	Welcome. Do you something tailored? Then tell me. I'll fix it up for you right away. May the judgment of the Elementals bring you hope.	100	Welcome. Do you something tailored? Then tell me. I'll fix it up for you right away. May the judgment of the Elementals bring you hope.	100	Welcome. Do you something tailored? Then tell me. I'll fix it up for you right away. May the judgment of the Elementals bring you hope.
					I'm a tailor, but you'll find that I'm not that passive. I even participated in the warrior expedition against the monsters last time. May the judgment of the Elementals bring you hope.					I'm a tailor, but you'll find that I'm not that passive. I even participated in the warrior expedition against the monsters last time. May the judgment of the Elementals bring you hope.		I'm a tailor, but you'll find that I'm not that passive. I even participated in the warrior expedition against the monsters last time. May the judgment of the Elementals bring you hope.		I'm a tailor, but you'll find that I'm not that passive. I even participated in the warrior expedition against the monsters last time. May the judgment of the Elementals bring you hope.
					Wouldn't Berceluna be a better candidate for the elder position than Kiriscent? I'm not a specialist, but I think Berceluna's ability to execute gives her an edge. May the judgment of the Elementals bring you hope.					Wouldn't Berceluna be a better candidate for the elder position than Kiriscent? I'm not a specialist, but I think Berceluna's ability to execute gives her an edge. May the judgment of the Elementals bring you hope.		Wouldn't Berceluna be a better candidate for the elder position than Kiriscent? I'm not a specialist, but I think Berceluna's ability to execute gives her an edge. May the judgment of the Elementals bring you hope.		Wouldn't Berceluna be a better candidate for the elder position than Kiriscent? I'm not a specialist, but I think Berceluna's ability to execute gives her an edge. May the judgment of the Elementals bring you hope.
					I've undergone the Ceremony of Para Siempre with Hudian. So it's natural that he listens to me. But we really are on different pages about who's to be the next elder. May the judgment of the Elementals bring you hope.					I've undergone the Ceremony of Para Siempre with Hudian. So it's natural that he listens to me. But we really are on different pages about who's to be the next elder. May the judgment of the Elementals bring you hope.		I've undergone the Ceremony of Para Siempre with Hudian. So it's natural that he listens to me. But we really are on different pages about who's to be the next elder. May the judgment of the Elementals bring you hope.		I've undergone the Ceremony of Para Siempre with Hudian. So it's natural that he listens to me. But we really are on different pages about who's to be the next elder. May the judgment of the Elementals bring you hope.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
296	<Hunter> Hudian		<Hunter> Hudian	100	Welcome, traveler. Would you like to discuss hunting with me? May the criticisms of the Elementals be your blessing.				100	Welcome, traveler. Would you like to discuss hunting with me? May the criticisms of the Elementals be your blessing.	100	Welcome, traveler. Would you like to discuss hunting with me? May the criticisms of the Elementals be your blessing.	100	Welcome, traveler. Would you like to discuss hunting with me? May the criticisms of the Elementals be your blessing.
					Everyone in the city's busy talking about Aratama's successor. Of course, I'm one of them. I think Kiriscent will be the one. Aratama seems to agree with me, but I guess we can't know for sure. What do you think? May the criticisms of the Elementals be your blessing.					Everyone in the city's busy talking about Aratama's successor. Of course, I'm one of them. I think Kiriscent will be the one. Aratama seems to agree with me, but I guess we can't know for sure. What do you think? May the criticisms of the Elementals be your blessing.		Everyone in the city's busy talking about Aratama's successor. Of course, I'm one of them. I think Kiriscent will be the one. Aratama seems to agree with me, but I guess we can't know for sure. What do you think? May the criticisms of the Elementals be your blessing.		Everyone in the city's busy talking about Aratama's successor. Of course, I'm one of them. I think Kiriscent will be the one. Aratama seems to agree with me, but I guess we can't know for sure. What do you think? May the criticisms of the Elementals be your blessing.
					Ferana and I have undergone the Ceremony of Para Siempre, but I have my own say regarding the next elder, so I won't back off. May the criticisms of the Elementals be your blessing.					Ferana and I have undergone the Ceremony of Para Siempre, but I have my own say regarding the next elder, so I won't back off. May the criticisms of the Elementals be your blessing.		Ferana and I have undergone the Ceremony of Para Siempre, but I have my own say regarding the next elder, so I won't back off. May the criticisms of the Elementals be your blessing.		Ferana and I have undergone the Ceremony of Para Siempre, but I have my own say regarding the next elder, so I won't back off. May the criticisms of the Elementals be your blessing.
					There's no use if you end up being dragged around by different crowds with no opinion of your own. Someday they will fall. Don't become one of them. May the criticisms of the Elementals be your blessing.					There's no use if you end up being dragged around by different crowds with no opinion of your own. Someday they will fall. Don't become one of them. May the criticisms of the Elementals be your blessing.		There's no use if you end up being dragged around by different crowds with no opinion of your own. Someday they will fall. Don't become one of them. May the criticisms of the Elementals be your blessing.		There's no use if you end up being dragged around by different crowds with no opinion of your own. Someday they will fall. Don't become one of them. May the criticisms of the Elementals be your blessing.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
297	<Musician> Endelmin		<Musician> Endelmin	100	Welcome, adventurer. I'd love to sing of your noble appearance...that falls upon my eyes. Would you like to hear the song? I'm sure my wonderful voice and song will surprise you.				100	Welcome, adventurer. I'd love to sing of your noble appearance...that falls upon my eyes. Would you like to hear the song? I'm sure my wonderful voice and song will surprise you.	100	Welcome, adventurer. I'd love to sing of your noble appearance...that falls upon my eyes. Would you like to hear the song? I'm sure my wonderful voice and song will surprise you.	100	Welcome, adventurer. I'd love to sing of your noble appearance...that falls upon my eyes. Would you like to hear the song? I'm sure my wonderful voice and song will surprise you.
					I've always wanted to live somewhere where people have a deep understanding of music. Aratama, the elder of this city, is one of the few people who acknowledges my music. I'm very happy here, as long as Aratama remains of course.					I've always wanted to live somewhere where people have a deep understanding of music. Aratama, the elder of this city, is one of the few people who acknowledges my music. I'm very happy here, as long as Aratama remains of course.		I've always wanted to live somewhere where people have a deep understanding of music. Aratama, the elder of this city, is one of the few people who acknowledges my music. I'm very happy here, as long as Aratama remains of course.		I've always wanted to live somewhere where people have a deep understanding of music. Aratama, the elder of this city, is one of the few people who acknowledges my music. I'm very happy here, as long as Aratama remains of course.
					Aratama's successor...... I'm sure there are a few candidates. But I think Wendillen, who's always made me happy with her music, is the most suitable. But I'm a foreigner, not a citizen of this city. So I'm sure my opinion won't really change anything.					Aratama's successor...... I'm sure there are a few candidates. But I think Wendillen, who's always made me happy with her music, is the most suitable. But I'm a foreigner, not a citizen of this city. So I'm sure my opinion won't really change anything.		Aratama's successor...... I'm sure there are a few candidates. But I think Wendillen, who's always made me happy with her music, is the most suitable. But I'm a foreigner, not a citizen of this city. So I'm sure my opinion won't really change anything.		Aratama's successor...... I'm sure there are a few candidates. But I think Wendillen, who's always made me happy with her music, is the most suitable. But I'm a foreigner, not a citizen of this city. So I'm sure my opinion won't really change anything.
					Oh, welcome. I was actually getting choked up because of the sad song I was singing. (sob) I always cry like this after I sing sad songs. (sob)					Oh, welcome. I was actually getting choked up because of the sad song I was singing. (sob) I always cry like this after I sing sad songs. (sob)		Oh, welcome. I was actually getting choked up because of the sad song I was singing. (sob) I always cry like this after I sing sad songs. (sob)		Oh, welcome. I was actually getting choked up because of the sad song I was singing. (sob) I always cry like this after I sing sad songs. (sob)
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
298	<Elder> Aratama		<Elder> Aratama	100	Welcome, young traveler. It looks like you like Deribelle. Hehe. It's a nice place. So nice that I can't believe I've had the opportunity to be an elder here. May the guidance of the Elementals shine light on your path.				100	Welcome, young traveler. It looks like you like Deribelle. Hehe. It's a nice place. So nice that I can't believe I've had the opportunity to be an elder here. May the guidance of the Elementals shine light on your path.	100	Welcome, young traveler. It looks like you like Deribelle. Hehe. It's a nice place. So nice that I can't believe I've had the opportunity to be an elder here. May the guidance of the Elementals shine light on your path.	100	Welcome, young traveler. It looks like you like Deribelle. Hehe. It's a nice place. So nice that I can't believe I've had the opportunity to be an elder here. May the guidance of the Elementals shine light on your path.
					Unlike other tribes, we MoonElves know how long we have left to live. And we also know that Aratama doesn't have much time left. That's why they're looking for a successor. May the guidance of the Elementals shine light on your path.					Unlike other tribes, we MoonElves know how long we have left to live. And we also know that Aratama doesn't have much time left. That's why they're looking for a successor. May the guidance of the Elementals shine light on your path.		Unlike other tribes, we MoonElves know how long we have left to live. And we also know that Aratama doesn't have much time left. That's why they're looking for a successor. May the guidance of the Elementals shine light on your path.		Unlike other tribes, we MoonElves know how long we have left to live. And we also know that Aratama doesn't have much time left. That's why they're looking for a successor. May the guidance of the Elementals shine light on your path.
					Who do I like best among the candidates? Let me see. I can't tell you that. If someone finds out what I think, they won't regard the final decision as a fair judgment. May the guidance of the Elementals shine light on your path.					Who do I like best among the candidates? Let me see. I can't tell you that. If someone finds out what I think, they won't regard the final decision as a fair judgment. May the guidance of the Elementals shine light on your path.		Who do I like best among the candidates? Let me see. I can't tell you that. If someone finds out what I think, they won't regard the final decision as a fair judgment. May the guidance of the Elementals shine light on your path.		Who do I like best among the candidates? Let me see. I can't tell you that. If someone finds out what I think, they won't regard the final decision as a fair judgment. May the guidance of the Elementals shine light on your path.
					I know it's important to show respect for the life I've spent here in Deribelle and to choose my successor, but I'm still the city's elder and I plan to do all my duties. May the guidance of the Elementals shine light on your path.					I know it's important to show respect for the life I've spent here in Deribelle and to choose my successor, but I'm still the city's elder and I plan to do all my duties. May the guidance of the Elementals shine light on your path.		I know it's important to show respect for the life I've spent here in Deribelle and to choose my successor, but I'm still the city's elder and I plan to do all my duties. May the guidance of the Elementals shine light on your path.		I know it's important to show respect for the life I've spent here in Deribelle and to choose my successor, but I'm still the city's elder and I plan to do all my duties. May the guidance of the Elementals shine light on your path.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
299	<Archeologist> Kiriscent		<Archeologist> Kiriscent	100	Welcome. Are you interested in archaeology? It's a great science. You might want to learn it. I'm sure it'll help. May the soul of the Elementals and ancient knowledge be with you.				100	Welcome. Are you interested in archaeology? It's a great science. You might want to learn it. I'm sure it'll help. May the soul of the Elementals and ancient knowledge be with you.	100	Welcome. Are you interested in archaeology? It's a great science. You might want to learn it. I'm sure it'll help. May the soul of the Elementals and ancient knowledge be with you.	100	Welcome. Are you interested in archaeology? It's a great science. You might want to learn it. I'm sure it'll help. May the soul of the Elementals and ancient knowledge be with you.
					In terms of knowledge, I find that there's no one as knowledgeable as myself here in Deribelle. But I lack decisiveness and am more stubborn than others. So I know I'm not fit to be an elder, I wish others would feel the same way. May the soul of the Elementals and ancient knowledge be with you.					In terms of knowledge, I find that there's no one as knowledgeable as myself here in Deribelle. But I lack decisiveness and am more stubborn than others. So I know I'm not fit to be an elder, I wish others would feel the same way. May the soul of the Elementals and ancient knowledge be with you.		In terms of knowledge, I find that there's no one as knowledgeable as myself here in Deribelle. But I lack decisiveness and am more stubborn than others. So I know I'm not fit to be an elder, I wish others would feel the same way. May the soul of the Elementals and ancient knowledge be with you.		In terms of knowledge, I find that there's no one as knowledgeable as myself here in Deribelle. But I lack decisiveness and am more stubborn than others. So I know I'm not fit to be an elder, I wish others would feel the same way. May the soul of the Elementals and ancient knowledge be with you.
					When am I the happiest? Of course, it's when I've made an appraisal on an ancient relic. Nothing makes me happier. May the soul of the Elementals and ancient knowledge be with you.					When am I the happiest? Of course, it's when I've made an appraisal on an ancient relic. Nothing makes me happier. May the soul of the Elementals and ancient knowledge be with you.		When am I the happiest? Of course, it's when I've made an appraisal on an ancient relic. Nothing makes me happier. May the soul of the Elementals and ancient knowledge be with you.		When am I the happiest? Of course, it's when I've made an appraisal on an ancient relic. Nothing makes me happier. May the soul of the Elementals and ancient knowledge be with you.
					The person I find to be most suitable as the next elder? Well, I can't imagine anyone else besides Aratama. I need to give it some thought. May the soul of the Elementals and ancient knowledge be with you.					The person I find to be most suitable as the next elder? Well, I can't imagine anyone else besides Aratama. I need to give it some thought. May the soul of the Elementals and ancient knowledge be with you.		The person I find to be most suitable as the next elder? Well, I can't imagine anyone else besides Aratama. I need to give it some thought. May the soul of the Elementals and ancient knowledge be with you.		The person I find to be most suitable as the next elder? Well, I can't imagine anyone else besides Aratama. I need to give it some thought. May the soul of the Elementals and ancient knowledge be with you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
300	<Commander> Berceluna		<Commander> Berceluna	100	Hey, you. Yeah, you! You're free to wander around Deribelle, but don't cause any problems. If you do, I'll make you regret it. May the power of the Elementals bring the courage in a true warrior.				100	Hey, you. Yeah, you! You're free to wander around Deribelle, but don't cause any problems. If you do, I'll make you regret it. May the power of the Elementals bring the courage in a true warrior.	100	Hey, you. Yeah, you! You're free to wander around Deribelle, but don't cause any problems. If you do, I'll make you regret it. May the power of the Elementals bring the courage in a true warrior.	100	Hey, you. Yeah, you! You're free to wander around Deribelle, but don't cause any problems. If you do, I'll make you regret it. May the power of the Elementals bring the courage in a true warrior.
					Aratama is like a blessing to us living in Deribelle. If it weren't for him, I wouldn't be the commander. May the power of the Elementals bring you the courage of a true warrior.					Aratama is like a blessing to us living in Deribelle. If it weren't for him, I wouldn't be the commander. May the power of the Elementals bring you the courage of a true warrior.		Aratama is like a blessing to us living in Deribelle. If it weren't for him, I wouldn't be the commander. May the power of the Elementals bring you the courage of a true warrior.		Aratama is like a blessing to us living in Deribelle. If it weren't for him, I wouldn't be the commander. May the power of the Elementals bring you the courage of a true warrior.
					The next elder? I definitely think I should take the position. All the others are too prudent and will end up losing their chance. So I think I should be the elder. I have supporters as well. May the power of the Elementals bring you the courage of a true warrior.					The next elder? I definitely think I should take the position. All the others are too prudent and will end up losing their chance. So I think I should be the elder. I have supporters as well. May the power of the Elementals bring you the courage of a true warrior.		The next elder? I definitely think I should take the position. All the others are too prudent and will end up losing their chance. So I think I should be the elder. I have supporters as well. May the power of the Elementals bring you the courage of a true warrior.		The next elder? I definitely think I should take the position. All the others are too prudent and will end up losing their chance. So I think I should be the elder. I have supporters as well. May the power of the Elementals bring you the courage of a true warrior.
					There are rumors that Kiriscent will be the next elder but things don't look too good to me. She won't make it unless she does something about that stubborn attitude of hers. I certainly think I'm a little better than she is. May the power of the Elementals bring you the courage of a true warrior.					There are rumors that Kiriscent will be the next elder but things don't look too good to me. She won't make it unless she does something about that stubborn attitude of hers. I certainly think I'm a little better than she is. May the power of the Elementals bring you the courage of a true warrior.		There are rumors that Kiriscent will be the next elder but things don't look too good to me. She won't make it unless she does something about that stubborn attitude of hers. I certainly think I'm a little better than she is. May the power of the Elementals bring you the courage of a true warrior.		There are rumors that Kiriscent will be the next elder but things don't look too good to me. She won't make it unless she does something about that stubborn attitude of hers. I certainly think I'm a little better than she is. May the power of the Elementals bring you the courage of a true warrior.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
301	<Sorcerer> Excador		<Sorcerer> Excador	100	...... Huh? What? Oh, welcome. Welcome. I can't hear so well. So how can I help you? ...... What? Could you repeat that?				100	...... Huh? What? Oh, welcome. Welcome. I can't hear so well. So how can I help you? ...... What? Could you repeat that?	100	...... Huh? What? Oh, welcome. Welcome. I can't hear so well. So how can I help you? ...... What? Could you repeat that?	100	...... Huh? What? Oh, welcome. Welcome. I can't hear so well. So how can I help you? ...... What? Could you repeat that?
					...... Huh? What? What kind of research do I do? Oh, it's nothing that great. I simply research sorcery that can be utilized in everyday life.					...... Huh? What? What kind of research do I do? Oh, it's nothing that great. I simply research sorcery that can be utilized in everyday life.		...... Huh? What? What kind of research do I do? Oh, it's nothing that great. I simply research sorcery that can be utilized in everyday life.		...... Huh? What? What kind of research do I do? Oh, it's nothing that great. I simply research sorcery that can be utilized in everyday life.
					...... Huh? What? Oh, forget it. You're being bothersome, so please leave. I don't wish to speak to you.					...... Huh? What? Oh, forget it. You're being bothersome, so please leave. I don't wish to speak to you.		...... Huh? What? Oh, forget it. You're being bothersome, so please leave. I don't wish to speak to you.		...... Huh? What? Oh, forget it. You're being bothersome, so please leave. I don't wish to speak to you.
					...... Huh? What? The next elder? Does it matter who's the successor? I certainly don't care at all.					...... Huh? What? The next elder? Does it matter who's the successor? I certainly don't care at all.		...... Huh? What? The next elder? Does it matter who's the successor? I certainly don't care at all.		...... Huh? What? The next elder? Does it matter who's the successor? I certainly don't care at all.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
302	<Citizen> Roguerre		<Citizen> Roguerre	100	Roguerre...... works. Roguerre...... works in the field. Roguerre...... works hard.				100	Roguerre...... works. Roguerre...... works in the field. Roguerre...... works hard.	100	Roguerre...... works. Roguerre...... works in the field. Roguerre...... works hard.	100	Roguerre...... works. Roguerre...... works in the field. Roguerre...... works hard.
					Roguerre's friends...... all left. Roguerre is sad. Roguerre...... still works. Roguerre...... likes field work. Roguerre...... likes Deribelle. She can do field work, too. Roguerre...... likes Deribelle.					Roguerre's friends...... all left. Roguerre is sad. Roguerre...... still works. Roguerre...... likes field work. Roguerre...... likes Deribelle. She can do field work, too. Roguerre...... likes Deribelle.		Roguerre's friends...... all left. Roguerre is sad. Roguerre...... still works. Roguerre...... likes field work. Roguerre...... likes Deribelle. She can do field work, too. Roguerre...... likes Deribelle.		Roguerre's friends...... all left. Roguerre is sad. Roguerre...... still works. Roguerre...... likes field work. Roguerre...... likes Deribelle. She can do field work, too. Roguerre...... likes Deribelle.
					Roguerre doesn't know...... the elder. Roguerre...... likes Aratama. Roguerre doesn't know...... after that. Roguerre...... going to work.					Roguerre doesn't know...... the elder. Roguerre...... likes Aratama. Roguerre doesn't know...... after that. Roguerre...... going to work.		Roguerre doesn't know...... the elder. Roguerre...... likes Aratama. Roguerre doesn't know...... after that. Roguerre...... going to work.		Roguerre doesn't know...... the elder. Roguerre...... likes Aratama. Roguerre doesn't know...... after that. Roguerre...... going to work.
					Other people? ...... No important. Roguerre...... doesn't care...... about other people.					Other people? ...... No important. Roguerre...... doesn't care...... about other people.		Other people? ...... No important. Roguerre...... doesn't care...... about other people.		Other people? ...... No important. Roguerre...... doesn't care...... about other people.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
303	<Merchant> Sara Hyren		<Merchant> Sara Hyren	100	Welcome to the general store of Tor Fortress. We have everything you need, so please look around. May the Elementals avenge those who betrayed you.				100	If you hurt me, I'll never forgive you. Please leave now, if you're done here.	100	May the vengeance of the Elementals consume you....	100	May the vengeance of the Elementals consume you....
					Why do I make money? I have no reason to tell you. If you need something, buy it. If not, please leave. May the Elementals avenge those who betrayed you.									
					Elder Sharin is my half sister. She really deserves to be highly respected. It's not too much to say that she's greater than most. Of course, there are those who are great like my half sister and those who deserve to be cursed. May the Elementals avenge those who betrayed you.									
					Someday, I'll get back to my former glory....... What? What do you mean have you heard something? Anyway.... May the Elementals avenge those who betrayed you.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
304	<Archer Trainer> Reduros		<Archer Trainer> Reduros	100	Haha! I'm Reduros of the Red Arrow. There's no archer who's better than I am around here. Would you like to learn from me?				100	The city is in uproar these days, and it seems you're to blame! It's not like I care, but did you want to learn skills from me?	100	I don't want to teach someone like you!	100	I don't want to teach someone like you!
					Wander around with your guard down like that and you'll get hurt. I suggest you learn from me if you want to become stronger.									
					Some fool challenged me to a shooting contest yesterday. Obviously I won! Hahaha! I'm the best!									
					I have nothing to do with the unfortunate incidents that have happened lately. Being happy is all that matters to me. It's the truth, isn't it? Haha!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
305	<Archer Weapons Merchant> Remulos		<Archer Weapons Merchant> Remulos	100	Hey. Welcome, my beautiful friend. We have the weapons you need displayed here. What about this beautiful Kataria? Of course, it doesn't compare to your beauty. But do take a look. May the beauty of the Elementals be with you.				100	Maybe there's something you need, but I really don't want to sell anything. Why, you ask? I know that your charm is just skin deep. I like beautiful people, but people who are beautiful both inside and out.	100	Ah... too bad. You're really easy on the eye. Too bad it's only on the outside. Don't tempt me. Just get out of here as soon as possible.	100	Ah... too bad. You're really easy on the eye. Too bad it's only on the outside. Don't tempt me. Just get out of here as soon as possible.
					The beautiful women make me happy. Your beauty is simply perfection. Would you like to join me for dinner tonight? I see the beauty of the Elementals is with you.									
					Oh, I actually wanted to confess my love to Sara yesterday. But she didn't say a word, not even a rejection, and just left like a breeze. Hm, I think I'll try another method next time. May the beauty of the Elementals be with you.									
					It seems that I don't have a good image in this village. But I can live with that if it means seeing beautiful women like you. May the beauty of the Elementals be with you.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
306	<Archer Armor Merchant> Riley		<Archer Armor Merchant> Riley	100	We have everything you need. May the Elementals be silent.				100	That's all I have to say.... If you like it, buy it.... If not, then leave.	100	I have a good collection of useful items. But I don't want to sell any to you.	100	I have a good collection of useful items. But I don't want to sell any to you.
					There's no need to talk.  May the Elementals be silent.									
					I have nothing to say. May the Elementals be silent.									
					Have you heard anything about the color black? If not, fine. May the Elementals be silent.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
307	<Magic Weapons Merchant> Gustof		<Magic Weapons Merchant> Gustof	100	Welcome. Do you need a new weapon? The ones displayed here are all available for sale. Look around.				100	Ugh! There may be lots of folk like you if I go outside the city... right? What? What did I say? I asked if there were lots of folk like you, killing others.... Now go away if you're done looking at the goods!	100	Ah! I... I can't sell... you anything!	100	Ah! I... I can't sell... you anything!
					If you have any questions, please ask. I know everything about this city including how many spoons Leranche has. I'm a native to this area.									
					So what is it like outside the city? Is it swarming with monsters? I'd like to leave the city and travel, but it's not easy. Gylton asked me to join her, but...... I'm still a little scared.									
					Oh, hello. Why am I so tired? Oh. Well, Leranche dropped by just a while ago. She went on and on about how I'd never get to travel if I am this timid. I've given up on her preaching.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
308	<Magic Armor Merchant> Calaren		<Magic Armor Merchant> Calaren	100	Do you need armor? You shouldn't wear any old armor just because you're a sorcerer. Should I recommend you a nice piece?				100	Hmm... Eh? No, I don't think so.... Hmm... You probably had your reasons, right? But killing innocent people... You should know better.... Now you feel bad, don't you?	100	Come back next time....	100	Come back next time....
					I'm the godfather of Sharin and Sara and I'm happy as well as sad for several reasons. I'd be happy if Sharin was chosen as the next elder. If Sara is chosen...... I'm not so sure about that. Come back later.									
					Sara seems to detest her father. I don't blame her. He left her and her sister and ran away. But I'm sure he must've had a reason. Oh, I don't know. Well, I just wish Sharin and Sara would be happy.									
					Hm. The armor you're looking at isn't that nice. This is better. Doesn't it look sturdier? It's better in quality. Would you like to try it on?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
309	<Magic Trainer> Bibulan		<Magic Trainer> Bibulan	100	Welcome. Is there something new you wish to learn? I sense that you're quite talented. Would you like to be my student? May the Elementals help you.				100	It's too bad you're using your talents for evil. Go and see the Pardoner as soon as we're done here. Then your talents will only shine brighter.	100	Your talent is really wasted on you!	100	Your talent is really wasted on you!
					Hm. When learning magic, it's important to have a good attitude and study for a long time. But what's more important than this is your innate talent. May the Elementals help you.									
					I think I was always lacking in comparison to others. It's quite sad. That's why I feel really great when I teach people like you who are more talented than I am. May the Elementals help you.									
					Welcome! Oh, don't mind me, I was just feeling a little uncomfortable. Haha. I think I should rest a bit, besides, Tylon told me to rest. May the Elementals help you.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
310	<Safe Keeper> Leranche		<Safe Keeper> Leranche	100	Are you going to keep something here? Feel free to do so. I'll take good care of it. No one will lay a hand on anything if they know I'm the safe keeper. May the virtue of the Elementals be with you.				100	Oh no... You... There's a lot I want to tell you. But you're here to store items? It may seem like I'm telling you off, but I have to say it. Before worrying about storing your stuff, you should go and see the Pardoner.	100	What do you need? Ah... You're here to store items.	100	What do you need? Ah... You're here to store items.
					Sometimes, I really don't understand what Gustof has on his mind. He can't get anything done if he's scared of going outside. I've been his best friend since I was young, yet he always thinks my suggestions are lectures. May the virtue of the Elementals be with you.									
					I saw Gylton and Gustof together a little while ago. They looked good together, after all they're both Elves.									
					Welcome. You look down. What's wrong? Did Remulos bother you? Be careful. He's like that with everyone. May the virtue of the Elementals be with you.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
311	<Blacksmith> Didier		<Blacksmith> Didier	100	Being a blacksmith can often be dangerous because you're always working with fire. So unless you're experienced like I am, please refrain from doing it yourself. It's just like how I refrain from taking adventures. May the Elementals be with you on your travels.				100	I don't know what you did in the past, but if you want my advice, I'd suggest you go see the Pardoner.	100	There's nothing I can do for you.	100	There's nothing I can do for you.
					Once, I got surrounded by monsters and almost died. I fortunately managed to survive because of Tylon, the pharmacist, and a few others. Just thinking of it gives me the chills. May the Elementals be with you on your travels.									
					Pharmacist Tylon tends to blame himself too much. I don't know what happened in the past, but nothing's going to change if he keeps beating himself up like he does now. It's unfortunate. May the Elementals be with you on your travels.									
					Once, Barun came and had a few drinks with me. We drank past midnight and I ended up passing out first. But after that, we became the best of friends. May the Elementals be with you on your travels.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
312	<Guild Registrar> Mile Hamil		<Guild Registrar> Mile Hamil	100	Are you traveling alone? I seriously advise against it. I don't know how strong you are, but traveling alone is very fool hardy. If possible, it's much safer to travel in groups. May the Elementals guide you.				100	Are you traveling alone? I seriously advise against it. I don't know how strong you are, but traveling alone is very fool hardy. If possible, it's much safer to travel in groups. May the Elementals guide you.	100	Are you traveling alone? I seriously advise against it. I don't know how strong you are, but traveling alone is very fool hardy. If possible, it's much safer to travel in groups. May the Elementals guide you.	100	Are you traveling alone? I seriously advise against it. I don't know how strong you are, but traveling alone is very fool hardy. If possible, it's much safer to travel in groups. May the Elementals guide you.
					What kind of guild do you plan to form? I'm just curious to know. May the Elementals guide you.					What kind of guild do you plan to form? I'm just curious to know. May the Elementals guide you.		What kind of guild do you plan to form? I'm just curious to know. May the Elementals guide you.		What kind of guild do you plan to form? I'm just curious to know. May the Elementals guide you.
					Sara's too attached to her father. I just wish she wouldn't hurt herself like this. We'll see how things go. May the Elementals guide you.					Sara's too attached to her father. I just wish she wouldn't hurt herself like this. We'll see how things go. May the Elementals guide you.		Sara's too attached to her father. I just wish she wouldn't hurt herself like this. We'll see how things go. May the Elementals guide you.		Sara's too attached to her father. I just wish she wouldn't hurt herself like this. We'll see how things go. May the Elementals guide you.
					Forming a guild isn't something you can do alone. You need several people and must pay a price for it. May the Elementals guide you.					Forming a guild isn't something you can do alone. You need several people and must pay a price for it. May the Elementals guide you.		Forming a guild isn't something you can do alone. You need several people and must pay a price for it. May the Elementals guide you.		Forming a guild isn't something you can do alone. You need several people and must pay a price for it. May the Elementals guide you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
313	<Item Trader> Pidog Pig		<Item Trader> Pidog Pig	100	Pigdog Pig...... works. Pigdog Pig...... works. Work is fun.					Pigdog Pig... I like my work... but not if it means dealing with you.... If you want to trade items... I don't feel like it....		Trade... is not possible.		Trade... is not possible.
					Pidog Pig...... reveals items. Pidog Pig...... will do it.									
					I came...... to work early...... feeling happy. You are later...... than Pidog Pig. Pidog Pig...... came really early.									
					Lardet...... is unacceptable. Lardet...... looked down on Kobolt. Lardet...... is very bad. Lardet...... is smaller than MoonElves. Kobolt is poor...... at speaking. Kobolt...... is weak. But Kobolt...... works better than...... Lardet. Kobolt...... lives a better life...... than Lardet. Lardet...... bad.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
314	<Alchemist> Bolanmar		<Alchemist> Bolanmar	100	Alchemy requires a lot more than just entering a building and looking at a few theses. Do you think I'll attend the Alchemists' Association when they don't even know that?				100	Alchemy requires a lot more than just entering a building and looking at a few theses. Do you think I'll attend the Alchemists' Association when they don't even know that?	100	Alchemy requires a lot more than just entering a building and looking at a few theses. Do you think I'll attend the Alchemists' Association when they don't even know that?	100	Alchemy requires a lot more than just entering a building and looking at a few theses. Do you think I'll attend the Alchemists' Association when they don't even know that?
					Do you need something? Tell me. I'll do what I can. No, I'll even use alchemy to do the things I deem are impossible.					Do you need something? Tell me. I'll do what I can. No, I'll even use alchemy to do the things I deem are impossible.		Do you need something? Tell me. I'll do what I can. No, I'll even use alchemy to do the things I deem are impossible.		Do you need something? Tell me. I'll do what I can. No, I'll even use alchemy to do the things I deem are impossible.
					Lardet is a preposterous fellow. I have no idea how a fool like him could be a MoonElf. Gosh. I've never seen anyone so thickheaded and self-centered.					Lardet is a preposterous fellow. I have no idea how a fool like him could be a MoonElf. Gosh. I've never seen anyone so thickheaded and self-centered.		Lardet is a preposterous fellow. I have no idea how a fool like him could be a MoonElf. Gosh. I've never seen anyone so thickheaded and self-centered.		Lardet is a preposterous fellow. I have no idea how a fool like him could be a MoonElf. Gosh. I've never seen anyone so thickheaded and self-centered.
					I'm sure you know, but Pharmacist Tylon is going overboard. He says he's sacrificed for his mistakes, but at this rate, he might break down in front of all those who survived thanks to him. Such a thing should never happen. That's why I'm carrying out research for him. I believe my alchemy will help treat him.. to a certain extent.					I'm sure you know, but Pharmacist Tylon is going overboard. He says he's sacrificed for his mistakes, but at this rate, he might break down in front of all those who survived thanks to him. Such a thing should never happen. That's why I'm carrying out research for him. I believe my alchemy will help treat him.. to a certain extent.		I'm sure you know, but Pharmacist Tylon is going overboard. He says he's sacrificed for his mistakes, but at this rate, he might break down in front of all those who survived thanks to him. Such a thing should never happen. That's why I'm carrying out research for him. I believe my alchemy will help treat him.. to a certain extent.		I'm sure you know, but Pharmacist Tylon is going overboard. He says he's sacrificed for his mistakes, but at this rate, he might break down in front of all those who survived thanks to him. Such a thing should never happen. That's why I'm carrying out research for him. I believe my alchemy will help treat him.. to a certain extent.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
315	<Cook> Lardet		<Cook> Lardet	100	Would you like to try my dishes? I'm the best cook in the world. May the blessings of the great Elementals and MoonElves be with you.				100	Would you like to try my dishes? I'm the best cook in the world. May the blessings of the great Elementals and MoonElves be with you.	100	Would you like to try my dishes? I'm the best cook in the world. May the blessings of the great Elementals and MoonElves be with you.	100	Would you like to try my dishes? I'm the best cook in the world. May the blessings of the great Elementals and MoonElves be with you.
					Why am I the best in the world? Well, I proudly placed first in the MoonElves' cooking contest held once every three years. So naturally, I'm the best in the world. Besides, the cooks of other tribes are never as good as us MoonElves. May the blessings of the great Elementals and MoonElves be with you.					Why am I the best in the world? Well, I proudly placed first in the MoonElves' cooking contest held once every three years. So naturally, I'm the best in the world. Besides, the cooks of other tribes are never as good as us MoonElves. May the blessings of the great Elementals and MoonElves be with you.		Why am I the best in the world? Well, I proudly placed first in the MoonElves' cooking contest held once every three years. So naturally, I'm the best in the world. Besides, the cooks of other tribes are never as good as us MoonElves. May the blessings of the great Elementals and MoonElves be with you.		Why am I the best in the world? Well, I proudly placed first in the MoonElves' cooking contest held once every three years. So naturally, I'm the best in the world. Besides, the cooks of other tribes are never as good as us MoonElves. May the blessings of the great Elementals and MoonElves be with you.
					MoonElves are blessings from the gods. Other tribes need to realize that. Don't you think? May the blessings of the great Elementals and MoonElves be with you.					MoonElves are blessings from the gods. Other tribes need to realize that. Don't you think? May the blessings of the great Elementals and MoonElves be with you.		MoonElves are blessings from the gods. Other tribes need to realize that. Don't you think? May the blessings of the great Elementals and MoonElves be with you.		MoonElves are blessings from the gods. Other tribes need to realize that. Don't you think? May the blessings of the great Elementals and MoonElves be with you.
					Pidog Pig and Bolanmar seem to be reprimanding me these days. Well, I think it's all because they're jealous of us MoonElves don't you think? May the blessings of the great Elementals and MoonElves be with you.					Pidog Pig and Bolanmar seem to be reprimanding me these days. Well, I think it's all because they're jealous of us MoonElves don't you think? May the blessings of the great Elementals and MoonElves be with you.		Pidog Pig and Bolanmar seem to be reprimanding me these days. Well, I think it's all because they're jealous of us MoonElves don't you think? May the blessings of the great Elementals and MoonElves be with you.		Pidog Pig and Bolanmar seem to be reprimanding me these days. Well, I think it's all because they're jealous of us MoonElves don't you think? May the blessings of the great Elementals and MoonElves be with you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
316	<Adventurer> Barun		<Adventurer> Barun	100	Do you wish to learn about adventures? Then you've come to the right place. Adventurers who are more experienced than I am are very rare. But, even these adventurers aren't as popular as I am. Hahaha! So what do you want to know?				100	Do you wish to learn about adventures? Then you've come to the right place. Adventurers who are more experienced than I am are very rare. But, even these adventurers aren't as popular as I am. Hahaha! So what do you want to know?	100	Do you wish to learn about adventures? Then you've come to the right place. Adventurers who are more experienced than I am are very rare. But, even these adventurers aren't as popular as I am. Hahaha! So what do you want to know?	100	Do you wish to learn about adventures? Then you've come to the right place. Adventurers who are more experienced than I am are very rare. But, even these adventurers aren't as popular as I am. Hahaha! So what do you want to know?
					You can't just start an adventure without properly preparing yourself. I'm sure you know, but those who prepare and those who don't clearly get different results.					You can't just start an adventure without properly preparing yourself. I'm sure you know, but those who prepare and those who don't clearly get different results.		You can't just start an adventure without properly preparing yourself. I'm sure you know, but those who prepare and those who don't clearly get different results.		You can't just start an adventure without properly preparing yourself. I'm sure you know, but those who prepare and those who don't clearly get different results.
					Riley never has really talked much. That's why she's known as 'Silent Riley.' Going on an adventure with her was really fun. One time, we met a group of bandits and she ended up taking care of thirty of them by herself. I was shocked. It's hard to believe that someone like her is working as a merchant here. Collecting information for her is what I do.					Riley never has really talked much. That's why she's known as 'Silent Riley.' Going on an adventure with her was really fun. One time, we met a group of bandits and she ended up taking care of thirty of them by herself. I was shocked. It's hard to believe that someone like her is working as a merchant here. Collecting information for her is what I do.		Riley never has really talked much. That's why she's known as 'Silent Riley.' Going on an adventure with her was really fun. One time, we met a group of bandits and she ended up taking care of thirty of them by herself. I was shocked. It's hard to believe that someone like her is working as a merchant here. Collecting information for her is what I do.		Riley never has really talked much. That's why she's known as 'Silent Riley.' Going on an adventure with her was really fun. One time, we met a group of bandits and she ended up taking care of thirty of them by herself. I was shocked. It's hard to believe that someone like her is working as a merchant here. Collecting information for her is what I do.
					Gosh. I had a few drinks with Didier not so long ago and it was the first time I almost passed out while drinking. He's quite a drinker!					Gosh. I had a few drinks with Didier not so long ago and it was the first time I almost passed out while drinking. He's quite a drinker!		Gosh. I had a few drinks with Didier not so long ago and it was the first time I almost passed out while drinking. He's quite a drinker!		Gosh. I had a few drinks with Didier not so long ago and it was the first time I almost passed out while drinking. He's quite a drinker!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
317	<Elder> Sharin Hyren		<Elder> Sharin Hyren	100	Welcome, adventurer. Tor Fortress welcomes adventurers like you all the time. I'm being cautious so that nothing bad will happen inside the fortress, so I request that you take heed as well. May the fair judgment of the Elementals shine glory on your path.				100	Welcome, adventurer. Tor Fortress welcomes adventurers like you all the time. I'm being cautious so that nothing bad will happen inside the fortress, so I request that you take heed as well. May the fair judgment of the Elementals shine glory on your path.	100	Welcome, adventurer. Tor Fortress welcomes adventurers like you all the time. I'm being cautious so that nothing bad will happen inside the fortress, so I request that you take heed as well. May the fair judgment of the Elementals shine glory on your path.	100	Welcome, adventurer. Tor Fortress welcomes adventurers like you all the time. I'm being cautious so that nothing bad will happen inside the fortress, so I request that you take heed as well. May the fair judgment of the Elementals shine glory on your path.
					The city has a few problems these days and one of them is Lardet. He has a superiority complex about being a MoonElf. I told him to be careful, but I don't think it's working. May the fair judgment of the Elementals shine glory on your path.					The city has a few problems these days and one of them is Lardet. He has a superiority complex about being a MoonElf. I told him to be careful, but I don't think it's working. May the fair judgment of the Elementals shine glory on your path.		The city has a few problems these days and one of them is Lardet. He has a superiority complex about being a MoonElf. I told him to be careful, but I don't think it's working. May the fair judgment of the Elementals shine glory on your path.		The city has a few problems these days and one of them is Lardet. He has a superiority complex about being a MoonElf. I told him to be careful, but I don't think it's working. May the fair judgment of the Elementals shine glory on your path.
					Tylon is another one of the problems this city has. No, he doesn't cause any trouble. The problem is that he works so passionately and never takes care of himself. I just hope nothing happens to him. May the fair judgment of the Elementals shine glory on your path.					Tylon is another one of the problems this city has. No, he doesn't cause any trouble. The problem is that he works so passionately and never takes care of himself. I just hope nothing happens to him. May the fair judgment of the Elementals shine glory on your path.		Tylon is another one of the problems this city has. No, he doesn't cause any trouble. The problem is that he works so passionately and never takes care of himself. I just hope nothing happens to him. May the fair judgment of the Elementals shine glory on your path.		Tylon is another one of the problems this city has. No, he doesn't cause any trouble. The problem is that he works so passionately and never takes care of himself. I just hope nothing happens to him. May the fair judgment of the Elementals shine glory on your path.
					Sara is my half sister. We have different mothers. They both died of an accident a long time ago and my dad disappeared right after. I'm sure there was a reason, but Sara doesn't seem to want to accept that. May the fair judgment of the Elementals shine glory on your path.					Sara is my half sister. We have different mothers. They both died of an accident a long time ago and my dad disappeared right after. I'm sure there was a reason, but Sara doesn't seem to want to accept that. May the fair judgment of the Elementals shine glory on your path.		Sara is my half sister. We have different mothers. They both died of an accident a long time ago and my dad disappeared right after. I'm sure there was a reason, but Sara doesn't seem to want to accept that. May the fair judgment of the Elementals shine glory on your path.		Sara is my half sister. We have different mothers. They both died of an accident a long time ago and my dad disappeared right after. I'm sure there was a reason, but Sara doesn't seem to want to accept that. May the fair judgment of the Elementals shine glory on your path.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
318	<Mystic Order> Solatarus		<Mystic Order> Solatarus	100	My name is Solatars and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are not known about. We see all, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.				100	My name is Solatars and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are not known about. We see all, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	100	My name is Solatars and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are not known about. We see all, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.	100	My name is Solatars and I'm a member of the Great Knights. We're all around, yet never in a specific place. We know all, yet are not known about. We see all, yet are under the observation of no one. Take notice of us.
					We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.					We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.		We were chosen to be here since the Archlord's arrival. We will guard this place even if the sky falls and the earth crumbles. That is our fate.
					We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.					We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.		We are willing to offer any kind of help to travelers. However, only when the traveler's goal coincide with our goals. Knowledge is of no use to someone who has no effect on the future of Chantra.
					Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.					Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.		Will the force from Nordenland bring darkness or change the fate of this world? Only following your will can help you judge this. Without being confident about the road ahead, you may as well not go on living.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
319	<Traveler> Gylton		<Traveler> Gylton	100	Hello. Do you enjoy traveling as well? I think traveling is wonderful. There is the danger of meeting monsters here and there. But not seeing the whole of Chantra because of this is an even bigger loss, don't you think?				100	Hello. Do you enjoy traveling as well? I think traveling is wonderful. There is the danger of meeting monsters here and there. But not seeing the whole of Chantra because of this is an even bigger loss, don't you think?	100	Hello. Do you enjoy traveling as well? I think traveling is wonderful. There is the danger of meeting monsters here and there. But not seeing the whole of Chantra because of this is an even bigger loss, don't you think?	100	Hello. Do you enjoy traveling as well? I think traveling is wonderful. There is the danger of meeting monsters here and there. But not seeing the whole of Chantra because of this is an even bigger loss, don't you think?
					I'm taking some time off now. But I plan to travel again soon. I hope I'll have a partner then. Hehe. I guess you never know what will happen, right?					I'm taking some time off now. But I plan to travel again soon. I hope I'll have a partner then. Hehe. I guess you never know what will happen, right?		I'm taking some time off now. But I plan to travel again soon. I hope I'll have a partner then. Hehe. I guess you never know what will happen, right?		I'm taking some time off now. But I plan to travel again soon. I hope I'll have a partner then. Hehe. I guess you never know what will happen, right?
					Gustof is a funny guy. Just talking with him makes me happy. And he's very genuine as well. I think it would be lots of fun to travel with him.					Gustof is a funny guy. Just talking with him makes me happy. And he's very genuine as well. I think it would be lots of fun to travel with him.		Gustof is a funny guy. Just talking with him makes me happy. And he's very genuine as well. I think it would be lots of fun to travel with him.		Gustof is a funny guy. Just talking with him makes me happy. And he's very genuine as well. I think it would be lots of fun to travel with him.
					Gustof and Leranche. Just looking at them makes me happy. Maybe it's because of their similar, yet drastically different personalities. Haha. I'm sure the two of them would be great together.					Gustof and Leranche. Just looking at them makes me happy. Maybe it's because of their similar, yet drastically different personalities. Haha. I'm sure the two of them would be great together.		Gustof and Leranche. Just looking at them makes me happy. Maybe it's because of their similar, yet drastically different personalities. Haha. I'm sure the two of them would be great together.		Gustof and Leranche. Just looking at them makes me happy. Maybe it's because of their similar, yet drastically different personalities. Haha. I'm sure the two of them would be great together.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
320	<Pharmacist> Tylon		<Pharmacist> Tylon	100	Are you sick? If not, please step aside. I need to look at a patient. May the righteousness of the Elementals be realized.				100	Are you sick? If not, please step aside. I need to look at a patient. May the righteousness of the Elementals be realized.	100	Are you sick? If not, please step aside. I need to look at a patient. May the righteousness of the Elementals be realized.	100	Are you sick? If not, please step aside. I need to look at a patient. May the righteousness of the Elementals be realized.
					Unless you have an illness, there's no need to speak with me. May the righteousness of the Elementals be realized.					Unless you have an illness, there's no need to speak with me. May the righteousness of the Elementals be realized.		Unless you have an illness, there's no need to speak with me. May the righteousness of the Elementals be realized.		Unless you have an illness, there's no need to speak with me. May the righteousness of the Elementals be realized.
					I know what Sharin's worried about. She's really warm-hearted. But that doesn't mean I'm forgiven. That is the only truth. May the righteousness of the Elementals be realized.					I know what Sharin's worried about. She's really warm-hearted. But that doesn't mean I'm forgiven. That is the only truth. May the righteousness of the Elementals be realized.		I know what Sharin's worried about. She's really warm-hearted. But that doesn't mean I'm forgiven. That is the only truth. May the righteousness of the Elementals be realized.		I know what Sharin's worried about. She's really warm-hearted. But that doesn't mean I'm forgiven. That is the only truth. May the righteousness of the Elementals be realized.
					A runaway can do what's suitable for a runaway until the moment he dies. May the righteousness of the Elementals be realized.					A runaway can do what's suitable for a runaway until the moment he dies. May the righteousness of the Elementals be realized.		A runaway can do what's suitable for a runaway until the moment he dies. May the righteousness of the Elementals be realized.		A runaway can do what's suitable for a runaway until the moment he dies. May the righteousness of the Elementals be realized.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
321	<Animal Breeder> Fosteros		<Animal Breeder> Fosteros	100	When the weather's good, I feel like running to the end of the earth. Whether it's me or the animals, staying at the farm all the time can be quite tiring. It'd be nice to leave the business behind and take a day off. But I can't because there are so many who come to see me.				100	When the weather's good, I feel like running to the end of the earth. Whether it's me or the animals, staying at the farm all the time can be quite tiring. It'd be nice to leave the business behind and take a day off. But I can't because there are so many who come to see me.	100	When the weather's good, I feel like running to the end of the earth. Whether it's me or the animals, staying at the farm all the time can be quite tiring. It'd be nice to leave the business behind and take a day off. But I can't because there are so many who come to see me.	100	When the weather's good, I feel like running to the end of the earth. Whether it's me or the animals, staying at the farm all the time can be quite tiring. It'd be nice to leave the business behind and take a day off. But I can't because there are so many who come to see me.
					The more varied the transportation methods, the better. Using Roundtrip Passports and Passports is good. Using the portal is also nice, but nothing beats the horses that I breed. They'll suit you well.					The more varied the transportation methods, the better. Using Roundtrip Passports and Passports is good. Using the portal is also nice, but nothing beats the horses that I breed. They'll suit you well.		The more varied the transportation methods, the better. Using Roundtrip Passports and Passports is good. Using the portal is also nice, but nothing beats the horses that I breed. They'll suit you well.		The more varied the transportation methods, the better. Using Roundtrip Passports and Passports is good. Using the portal is also nice, but nothing beats the horses that I breed. They'll suit you well.
					Since the energy of Nordenland started to flow through here, there has been less and less land suitable for grazing. For some reason, a dark energy has been seeping into the ground. As a result, animals that eat grass grown on these grounds go frantic, almost as if they have rabies. I have several horses that I lost because of it. It's a scary world.					Since the energy of Nordenland started to flow through here, there has been less and less land suitable for grazing. For some reason, a dark energy has been seeping into the ground. As a result, animals that eat grass grown on these grounds go frantic, almost as if they have rabies. I have several horses that I lost because of it. It's a scary world.		Since the energy of Nordenland started to flow through here, there has been less and less land suitable for grazing. For some reason, a dark energy has been seeping into the ground. As a result, animals that eat grass grown on these grounds go frantic, almost as if they have rabies. I have several horses that I lost because of it. It's a scary world.		Since the energy of Nordenland started to flow through here, there has been less and less land suitable for grazing. For some reason, a dark energy has been seeping into the ground. As a result, animals that eat grass grown on these grounds go frantic, almost as if they have rabies. I have several horses that I lost because of it. It's a scary world.
					I can't help but charge a high price for a good horse. But I'm sure you'll be satisfied. I won't force you to buy it. Should you have enough money, invest in this horse as a new method of transportation.					I can't help but charge a high price for a good horse. But I'm sure you'll be satisfied. I won't force you to buy it. Should you have enough money, invest in this horse as a new method of transportation.		I can't help but charge a high price for a good horse. But I'm sure you'll be satisfied. I won't force you to buy it. Should you have enough money, invest in this horse as a new method of transportation.		I can't help but charge a high price for a good horse. But I'm sure you'll be satisfied. I won't force you to buy it. Should you have enough money, invest in this horse as a new method of transportation.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
323	<Animal Breeder> Nussly		<Animal Breeder> Nussly	100	Oh, y..you're here to see the animals. I'm embarrassed. If it's okay, please talk to me only when you need to.				100	Oh, y..you're here to see the animals. I'm embarrassed. If it's okay, please talk to me only when you need to.	100	Oh, y..you're here to see the animals. I'm embarrassed. If it's okay, please talk to me only when you need to.	100	Oh, y..you're here to see the animals. I'm embarrassed. If it's okay, please talk to me only when you need to.
					The ones I raise are desert cows. They're really cute. Take a look. There, there.					The ones I raise are desert cows. They're really cute. Take a look. There, there.		The ones I raise are desert cows. They're really cute. Take a look. There, there.		The ones I raise are desert cows. They're really cute. Take a look. There, there.
					It's very difficult to breed desert cows in such a cold place. But I manage because I have knowledge of the area.					It's very difficult to breed desert cows in such a cold place. But I manage because I have knowledge of the area.		It's very difficult to breed desert cows in such a cold place. But I manage because I have knowledge of the area.		It's very difficult to breed desert cows in such a cold place. But I manage because I have knowledge of the area.
					I once supplied a horse to an Orc, but it didn't work out because he was too heavy for the horse. So I ended up losing a lot of money. I guess the only reason an Orc would need a horse is for emergency food. You can't eat desert cows because the meat's too tough.					I once supplied a horse to an Orc, but it didn't work out because he was too heavy for the horse. So I ended up losing a lot of money. I guess the only reason an Orc would need a horse is for emergency food. You can't eat desert cows because the meat's too tough.		I once supplied a horse to an Orc, but it didn't work out because he was too heavy for the horse. So I ended up losing a lot of money. I guess the only reason an Orc would need a horse is for emergency food. You can't eat desert cows because the meat's too tough.		I once supplied a horse to an Orc, but it didn't work out because he was too heavy for the horse. So I ended up losing a lot of money. I guess the only reason an Orc would need a horse is for emergency food. You can't eat desert cows because the meat's too tough.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
325	<Animal Breeder> Pirerlier		<Animal Breeder> Pirerlier	100	Now, don't miss the chance of a lifetime! Well, I am always here for business, but this is just too good of a deal to miss. Come, take a look and buy an animal. Do you wish to buy an Albileon? How about a Careleon? Whatever the animal, we only have the best. Just ask! Of course, you need some money. Take a look.				100	Now, don't miss the chance of a lifetime! Well, I am always here for business, but this is just too good of a deal to miss. Come, take a look and buy an animal. Do you wish to buy an Albileon? How about a Careleon? Whatever the animal, we only have the best. Just ask! Of course, you need some money. Take a look.	100	Now, don't miss the chance of a lifetime! Well, I am always here for business, but this is just too good of a deal to miss. Come, take a look and buy an animal. Do you wish to buy an Albileon? How about a Careleon? Whatever the animal, we only have the best. Just ask! Of course, you need some money. Take a look.	100	Now, don't miss the chance of a lifetime! Well, I am always here for business, but this is just too good of a deal to miss. Come, take a look and buy an animal. Do you wish to buy an Albileon? How about a Careleon? Whatever the animal, we only have the best. Just ask! Of course, you need some money. Take a look.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
327	<Observer> Elkain		<Observer> Elkain	100	Welcome, hero. This is where the Festival of the Elementals was held a long time ago. You can no longer tell, but I'm trying hard to restore the original ambience. Would you like to hear about back then? May the Elementals guide your way.				100	Welcome, hero. This is where the Festival of the Elementals was held a long time ago. You can no longer tell, but I'm trying hard to restore the original ambience. Would you like to hear about back then? May the Elementals guide your way.	100	Welcome, hero. This is where the Festival of the Elementals was held a long time ago. You can no longer tell, but I'm trying hard to restore the original ambience. Would you like to hear about back then? May the Elementals guide your way.	100	Welcome, hero. This is where the Festival of the Elementals was held a long time ago. You can no longer tell, but I'm trying hard to restore the original ambience. Would you like to hear about back then? May the Elementals guide your way.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
328	<Merchant> Multi		<Merchant> Multi	100	Wherever there are shops there are travelers. They can't survive without each other. Terranoa is a small ship, no..no I mean city. But you travelers still need me, right? You need to prepare for your travels, and a merchant is essential for this.				100	What do you want here? I'll give you my goods, but only to get this over and done with.	100	Please go.	100	Please go.
					This city runs according to a very strict rule. Captain Giddem Stormstopper is known to be particular about who's in the city, especially because fierce monsters appear around this area. He's always worried that something will happen on this ship. You should've seen him complaining when we first opened the shop.									
					I don't know when this ship's going to leave. Giddem always says soon, but no one in this city believes him. We might end up being here forever.									
					Having a city in the middle of the desert is quite elegant and magnificent. Yes, it is. That's why I heard Giddem's trying to turn the vicinity of Terranoa into a tourist area. That would bring in more travelers and I'd make more money. So I guess there's no reason to be against it. Hahaha.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
329	<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Cemus		<Warrior Weapons Merchant> Cemus	100	My customers won't be confused between my shop and others because I'll be standing right in front of my store. If you're a buff guy like me and you don't need a signboard. Hahaha.				100	It's good to enjoy life, that's for sure. But if this is how you enjoy your life, there's something wrong with you. I don't know why you turned out like this. But you do know that hurting others is bad, right? After buying weapons from me, you should go to the Pardoner.	100	What do you want from me? I don't want anything from you! In times like this, it's uncomfortable being so big.	100	What do you want from me? I don't want anything from you! In times like this, it's uncomfortable being so big.
					I raise birds as a hobby. What's your hobby? Life becomes boring with no hobbies. If you keep living like that then your whole body will harden like a rock. If you're given a life, you might as well enjoy it, right?									
					The captain doesn't like me because he thinks I might damage the ship with my strength. At first, he didn't even allow me aboard. But after I helped him with several things, he's less worried. Our entire tribe is physically big, so to find fault with that would be discrimination.									
					Windrill used to have hardly any visitors because it was such a dangerous area. Back then, I used to travel a lot and often considered leaving this ship. But now, with so many visitors, I hardly have any time. I can't afford to plan ahead. Life is... What? Like a philosophy?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
330	<Warrior Armor Merchant> Mongola		<Warrior Armor Merchant> Mongola	100	Hey, traveler. You don't look too good. Did you get into a fight with monsters recently? Well, it wouldn't have happened if you had thoroughly armed yourself with weapons. Hmm... There's no use denying it. I can read your mind... Ahem.				100	Usually it's good to be prepared. But if you're prepared, you'll start killing people again, won't you? I'd like it better if you didn't buy my items to kill people.	100	Do you want to hurt someone else?	100	Do you want to hurt someone else?
					Talent isn't everything in business. Back home, I used to be ridiculed for not having what it takes to be a warrior. But as you can see, I'm a proud warrior armor merchant in this city. It means that effort is more important than talent. My secret? Hmm, having the right contacts. Acquainting yourself with talented people has proved to be most rewarding.									
					I wish this ship would sail soon. Captain Giddem said that a new world would open for us. I trust him! I'll go where he goes and form my merchants association there. How exciting. It's not long until I show those who undermined me what I can achieve.									
					Hm. I'm not always happy. For example, I got frustrated today because I didn't like the merchandise that came in. Oh, I don't mean there's a problem with my weapons. I'm just saying I wasn't wholly satisfied with them. It seems as if someone ordered someone to send me mediocre products because they were jealous of me.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
331	<Archer Weapons Merchant> Enbauer		<Archer Weapons Merchant> Enbauer	100	Hey, look! Isn't it amazing? What is? Hm, you don't know how I got here, do you? I ran all the way from my hometown! Where is it you say? Medlen, an elf village. I was chasing a wild boar and ended up all the way here. You don't look too surprised. Oh, now I'm disappointed.				100	The world is crazy these days, and travelers like you are to blame. You probably met many people before me. Did no one ever tell you to visit the Pardoner?	100	A scoundrel like you doesn't belong in our city. Get out of here.	100	A scoundrel like you doesn't belong in our city. Get out of here.
					They say it's easy going into a city, but hard leaving it. Well, that's just what I'm going through now. I want to go back home, but I'm in debt to the city because of everything I went through before I got here. Don't ask me what I did. It usually had to do with breaking other people's things. Gosh, what did I say?									
					The world is just crazy, otherwise how could there be so many crazy travelers? For example, I've told everyone that there's no trainer in this city yet they go around looking for one. I might as well talk to the deaf!									
					I said I had to remain here because of my debts, but I actually got to like this place as time passed by. It's hard to find a city like this place that's so full of character. I think it's a blessing to be able to live here. Some say I'm just too optimistic. Well, let me say that they should just leave because they don't belong in a city like this.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
332	<Archer Armor Merchant> Taliran		<Archer Armor Merchant> Taliran	100	The population here is small, so credit is very important here. That's why my business is doing so well. You buy something from my shop and you've acquired a bargain. Take your time and look around.				100	I really realize how much the world has changed when I see you. There weren't many of you in the old days.... And even if there were, they didn't come here and try to buy stuff. I'm not saying you're like that.... I was just saying.	100	I have no idea why one like you would come to a small village like ours. But we value credibility here. I'm not selling to someone who hurts others.	100	I have no idea why one like you would come to a small village like ours. But we value credibility here. I'm not selling to someone who hurts others.
					Like my tribe, I've lived for quite a long time. I even fought as a mercenary for the humans in the Hundred-day War. It was amazing! You would've marveled at the fierce combat between Ugdrasil and Zian.  I feel honored to have played an active part in the war as well.									
					Kitchinen is the best cook in this city. You taste her food and you can't help but fall in love. O.. of course I'm talking about her food. It's lovely. Yes, it is.									
					Now and then I see a few talented travelers among all those who pass through here, but they're all crazy about becoming the Archlord. In my times, you never got caught up in such petty matters. It was virtuous to challenge the world in order to test one's bravery, but the world sure has changed.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-						
333	<Magic Weapons Merchant> Real		<Magic Weapons Merchant> Real	100	Are you here to buy a weapon? Or perhaps have your fortune told? Many say that my tarot card readings are often accurate. I thought you were here for a reading, too. But...... I realize you have a strong desire to build your future by yourself. Then I guess you don't need a reading.				100	Your future doesn't look too bright. Ah. I'm sorry I read your future without your permission.... You really... have a lot of guilt on your mind.... The Pardoner will help you, if you go and see him.	100	Don't you know that people get hurt because of the likes of you? Get out of this village, now!	100	Don't you know that people get hurt because of the likes of you? Get out of this village, now!
					Things are no longer quiet around here. Many travelers are causing a lot of noise and a few hoodlums among them do some pretty terrible deeds. At least not all of you travelers conform to this negative standard. I guess it's just natural in a place where there are so many people.									
					I'm very interested in the magic of the Elementals and plan to go to the land of the MoonElves and learn from them. Their magic is special in many ways. If we just open our minds, I think we elves can make an effort to learn from them.									
					I wish I could introduce you to more magic tools. Tools that are used simply for fighting aren't that nice. You can never predict the world of magic. Focus too hard on one thing and you'll miss out on something else.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
334	<Magic Armor Merchant> Belik		<Magic Armor Merchant> Belik	100	Gosh, I'm busy. I'm busy selling merchandise to travelers like you, listening to the captain, and so forth. I'm just busy. This city's small, but there's a lot of work around here. So how can I help you? If it's okay, I'd like to continue with what I'm doing.				100	You really don't have any manners! Are you ignoring me because I'm small? How can you come here like this and expect me to sell armor to you? Travelers these days really have no manners....	100	I'm really busy right now. So I definitely don't have time to chat with you.	100	I'm really busy right now. So I definitely don't have time to chat with you.
					Don't even think of undermining me because I'm small. I can tell what you're thinking by just looking at your eyes. Travelers these days are so rude. They easily approach people that they've never even seen before. When I was young, I knew how to be cautious of the world. That's why I'm still alive. Be careful!									
					I'm the captain's adviser. It may seem like a simple job, but it's important for me to help him reach his dreams. He has this huge map in his head and dreams of traveling around the world, so it's important for me to mark places on the map that are of potential danger. You can call it wisdom.									
					Wait. Don't say anything. I can guess what travelers like you want without you saying anything. Be silent for a moment, I'll make dozens of years of traveling experience become reality.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
338	<Safe Keeper> Bundle		<Safe Keeper> Bundle	100	Oh, it's a world of desperados these days. There are so many annoying fellows on this boat. Do you know Icigo, the nobleman? He tries to control the captain by paying a significant part of the ship's maintenance costs. I'm feel a little aggrieved because I pay some, too. I think he's rude. Ahh...really......				100	They say the world is becoming lawless. It seems to be true. Give me your heavy bags before you board the ship. It's unpleasant to have you on the ship, but...	100	Before you store your items here, go to the Pardoner to erase your sins.	100	Before you store your items here, go to the Pardoner to erase your sins.
					It's true that I also pay a significant part of this ship's maintenance costs, but I don't plan to gain power just because of it. I manage the captain's wealth and clean the ship when I can. But unlike me, there's a nobleman who doesn't do anything and just stands around with a headstrong attitude.									
					Hey, did you just spit on the floor? Oh, I'm sorry. It's just that so many travelers dirty up the floor. I can't help but be a little touchy since I maintain this place. So please understand.									
					If it's okay, leave your belongings with me! Terranoa can't withstand too much weight. My safe keeps everyone's belongings here through the use of magic, it'll reduce the burden on this ship. So keep your belongings here!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
339	<Blacksmith> Nym Skyroader		<Blacksmith> Nym Skyroader	100	Heave-ho! Doing hard work makes me feel good. How about it, traveler? Would you like to come see my forge? Hahaha, I'm kidding. This isn't for everyone. I guess a strong traveler like you could be my assistant. But I think traveling would suit you better. Hahaha.				100	Never have I seen such a dangerous person come here. Just tell me what you need. You're here to fix a weapon?	100	Get off this ship!	100	Get off this ship!
					No blacksmith, including myself, has been allowed to come in here. It's because the sparks could set the ship on fire. But after a lot of persuasion, we were able to open a forge here. If not, it would've been quite inconvenient for travelers coming here.									
					I'm the only blacksmith allowed to work on the ship. So I often end up making parts necessary in sustaining this city. Actually, I have to continue working for the city when I'm not working for travelers. It's hard work, but I think it's profitable. Hahaha.									
					Uh...... Hm...... Ah...... Huh? Oh, a customer. I was daydreaming for a second there. Being stuck in this city all the time, I often miss adventures in the desert. So, how can I help you?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
340	<Guild Registrar> Princigel		<Guild Registrar> Princigel	100	I once used to be the guild master of a fierce guild known as Arista. That's why I'm very knowledgeable about guilds. You'll have a hard time finding guild registrars like me. If you form a guild here, I can be your guide. It's a good chance to befriend me.				100	I once used to be the guild master of a fierce guild known as Arista. That's why I'm very knowledgeable about guilds. You'll have a hard time finding guild registrars like me. If you form a guild here, I can be your guide. It's a good chance to befriend me.	100	I once used to be the guild master of a fierce guild known as Arista. That's why I'm very knowledgeable about guilds. You'll have a hard time finding guild registrars like me. If you form a guild here, I can be your guide. It's a good chance to befriend me.	100	I once used to be the guild master of a fierce guild known as Arista. That's why I'm very knowledgeable about guilds. You'll have a hard time finding guild registrars like me. If you form a guild here, I can be your guide. It's a good chance to befriend me.
					Have you heard of Arista? It used to be a famous guild around Windrill. That is, until my men betrayed me. I lost everything, but I'll pay them back someday. I'll form a guild myself and get my revenge on them!					Have you heard of Arista? It used to be a famous guild around Windrill. That is, until my men betrayed me. I lost everything, but I'll pay them back someday. I'll form a guild myself and get my revenge on them!		Have you heard of Arista? It used to be a famous guild around Windrill. That is, until my men betrayed me. I lost everything, but I'll pay them back someday. I'll form a guild myself and get my revenge on them!		Have you heard of Arista? It used to be a famous guild around Windrill. That is, until my men betrayed me. I lost everything, but I'll pay them back someday. I'll form a guild myself and get my revenge on them!
					When I was the leader of Arista, I met a traveler in a black robe. I only remember one thing. Fear. That was the only thing I felt then. But why is it that I would like to see him again?					When I was the leader of Arista, I met a traveler in a black robe. I only remember one thing. Fear. That was the only thing I felt then. But why is it that I would like to see him again?		When I was the leader of Arista, I met a traveler in a black robe. I only remember one thing. Fear. That was the only thing I felt then. But why is it that I would like to see him again?		When I was the leader of Arista, I met a traveler in a black robe. I only remember one thing. Fear. That was the only thing I felt then. But why is it that I would like to see him again?
					Most travelers these days join guilds from other regions, so it's hard to find those who form new guilds. There are a few now and then though. Well, you don't look like you're here for that, either. How can I help you?					Most travelers these days join guilds from other regions, so it's hard to find those who form new guilds. There are a few now and then though. Well, you don't look like you're here for that, either. How can I help you?		Most travelers these days join guilds from other regions, so it's hard to find those who form new guilds. There are a few now and then though. Well, you don't look like you're here for that, either. How can I help you?		Most travelers these days join guilds from other regions, so it's hard to find those who form new guilds. There are a few now and then though. Well, you don't look like you're here for that, either. How can I help you?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
341	<Item Trader> Tiptock		<Item Trader> Tiptock	100	I see lots of items inside your bag. Oh, I can guess what they are even if you don't tell me. I am an item trader, you know. But don't worry, I'm only interested in having you sell some things to me, not stealing them. I'm too honest.				100	You look terribly weak. I have a clear conscience. I won't trade with you.	100	Hey, don't look so mean. I won't trade with you anyway.	100	Hey, don't look so mean. I won't trade with you anyway.
					Ehem. Don't undermine me just because I'm a Kobolt. I'm just Tiptock, the item trader. Empty your mind, now please tell me what you're here for.									
					It's fortunate that thieves are rare in Terranoa. Most thieves don't even try because the city's so small and there's nowhere to hide. It's peaceful, yet you can never put your guard down. Even at this moment, there's probably someone breaking the law.									
					You know, I'm the student of a sorcerer. If you wish to deal with me, I'd suggest you clearly have that in your head. I have the skill of reading evil minds and preventing things from happening. So be careful. Now, loosen up and let's talk. What is it?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
342	<Alchemist> Gem		<Alchemist> Gem	100	I wasn't blunt like this before. I became this way after I met this fellow who was trying to steal my knowledge of alchemy. What's worse is that he was an alchemist in the Stone and Sword Society. The Alchemists' Association is corrupt. There's nothing to expect from them anymore! Is there something you expect from me?				100	I wasn't blunt like this before. I became this way after I met this fellow who was trying to steal my knowledge of alchemy. What's worse is that he was an alchemist in the Stone and Sword Society. The Alchemists' Association is corrupt. There's nothing to expect from them anymore! Is there something you expect from me?	100	I wasn't blunt like this before. I became this way after I met this fellow who was trying to steal my knowledge of alchemy. What's worse is that he was an alchemist in the Stone and Sword Society. The Alchemists' Association is corrupt. There's nothing to expect from them anymore! Is there something you expect from me?	100	I wasn't blunt like this before. I became this way after I met this fellow who was trying to steal my knowledge of alchemy. What's worse is that he was an alchemist in the Stone and Sword Society. The Alchemists' Association is corrupt. There's nothing to expect from them anymore! Is there something you expect from me?
					It's fine as long as you don't speak of the Stone and Sword Society. Mention it and you'll never set foot in my store! I'm sick and tired of that group.					It's fine as long as you don't speak of the Stone and Sword Society. Mention it and you'll never set foot in my store! I'm sick and tired of that group.		It's fine as long as you don't speak of the Stone and Sword Society. Mention it and you'll never set foot in my store! I'm sick and tired of that group.		It's fine as long as you don't speak of the Stone and Sword Society. Mention it and you'll never set foot in my store! I'm sick and tired of that group.
					I sound blunt? Well, that's too bad. There's only one alchemist in this city and that's me. You can go back to another city if you want?					I sound blunt? Well, that's too bad. There's only one alchemist in this city and that's me. You can go back to another city if you want?		I sound blunt? Well, that's too bad. There's only one alchemist in this city and that's me. You can go back to another city if you want?		I sound blunt? Well, that's too bad. There's only one alchemist in this city and that's me. You can go back to another city if you want?
					Those who've done business with me for some time say that I'm a good alchemist. Travelers like you become close friends, too, when you do a lot of business with me. But I don't know if you can last until then. No, I'm being honest. I rarely put my guard down.					Those who've done business with me for some time say that I'm a good alchemist. Travelers like you become close friends, too, when you do a lot of business with me. But I don't know if you can last until then. No, I'm being honest. I rarely put my guard down.		Those who've done business with me for some time say that I'm a good alchemist. Travelers like you become close friends, too, when you do a lot of business with me. But I don't know if you can last until then. No, I'm being honest. I rarely put my guard down.		Those who've done business with me for some time say that I'm a good alchemist. Travelers like you become close friends, too, when you do a lot of business with me. But I don't know if you can last until then. No, I'm being honest. I rarely put my guard down.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
343	<Cook> Kitchinen		<Cook> Kitchinen	100	Oh, my. What are you doing!? Hm, nothing. I was thought you were doing something else for a second. I don't like strangers. I'd rather you didn't sneak up on me like that!				100	Oh, my. What are you doing!? Hm, nothing. I was thought you were doing something else for a second. I don't like strangers. I'd rather you didn't sneak up on me like that!	100	Oh, my. What are you doing!? Hm, nothing. I was thought you were doing something else for a second. I don't like strangers. I'd rather you didn't sneak up on me like that!	100	Oh, my. What are you doing!? Hm, nothing. I was thought you were doing something else for a second. I don't like strangers. I'd rather you didn't sneak up on me like that!
					There are lots of animals living in the desert that appear beyond anything your imagination could dream up. They all would make fine ingredients to cook with! But I often feel hurt by the ignorant cooks who don't understand this. Oh, what am I saying to a stranger?					There are lots of animals living in the desert that appear beyond anything your imagination could dream up. They all would make fine ingredients to cook with! But I often feel hurt by the ignorant cooks who don't understand this. Oh, what am I saying to a stranger?		There are lots of animals living in the desert that appear beyond anything your imagination could dream up. They all would make fine ingredients to cook with! But I often feel hurt by the ignorant cooks who don't understand this. Oh, what am I saying to a stranger?		There are lots of animals living in the desert that appear beyond anything your imagination could dream up. They all would make fine ingredients to cook with! But I often feel hurt by the ignorant cooks who don't understand this. Oh, what am I saying to a stranger?
					The reaction that travelers show regarding my cooking is clearly divided into 'good' and 'bad.' Where do you belong? If you wish to learn how to cook, I'd suggest you say 'good.'					The reaction that travelers show regarding my cooking is clearly divided into 'good' and 'bad.' Where do you belong? If you wish to learn how to cook, I'd suggest you say 'good.'		The reaction that travelers show regarding my cooking is clearly divided into 'good' and 'bad.' Where do you belong? If you wish to learn how to cook, I'd suggest you say 'good.'		The reaction that travelers show regarding my cooking is clearly divided into 'good' and 'bad.' Where do you belong? If you wish to learn how to cook, I'd suggest you say 'good.'
					I wonder if I could create fabulous dishes using the Archons if I became the Archlord. Hm, then I'd like to become the Archlord. But I can't really imagine that. A cooking Archlord......					I wonder if I could create fabulous dishes using the Archons if I became the Archlord. Hm, then I'd like to become the Archlord. But I can't really imagine that. A cooking Archlord......		I wonder if I could create fabulous dishes using the Archons if I became the Archlord. Hm, then I'd like to become the Archlord. But I can't really imagine that. A cooking Archlord......		I wonder if I could create fabulous dishes using the Archons if I became the Archlord. Hm, then I'd like to become the Archlord. But I can't really imagine that. A cooking Archlord......
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
344	<Adventurer> Alexy		<Adventurer> Alexy	100	Oh, I'm bored. It's nice to have so many travelers, but rarely is anyone any fun. I need to go out on patrol soon, but don't want to go because I feel so bored. Do you have any interesting stories?				100	Oh, I'm bored. It's nice to have so many travelers, but rarely is anyone any fun. I need to go out on patrol soon, but don't want to go because I feel so bored. Do you have any interesting stories?	100	Oh, I'm bored. It's nice to have so many travelers, but rarely is anyone any fun. I need to go out on patrol soon, but don't want to go because I feel so bored. Do you have any interesting stories?	100	Oh, I'm bored. It's nice to have so many travelers, but rarely is anyone any fun. I need to go out on patrol soon, but don't want to go because I feel so bored. Do you have any interesting stories?
					I'm Alexy. I'm an adventurer and I work on patrol as well. I'm different from you travelers. So show me some respect. Okay?					I'm Alexy. I'm an adventurer and I work on patrol as well. I'm different from you travelers. So show me some respect. Okay?		I'm Alexy. I'm an adventurer and I work on patrol as well. I'm different from you travelers. So show me some respect. Okay?		I'm Alexy. I'm an adventurer and I work on patrol as well. I'm different from you travelers. So show me some respect. Okay?
					You must be quite skilled to get so far? I'm sure there's nothing much for me to teach you, but who knows? If you're lacking in anything, just ask. I Have a great deal of experience and I'll teach you well.					You must be quite skilled to get so far? I'm sure there's nothing much for me to teach you, but who knows? If you're lacking in anything, just ask. I Have a great deal of experience and I'll teach you well.		You must be quite skilled to get so far? I'm sure there's nothing much for me to teach you, but who knows? If you're lacking in anything, just ask. I Have a great deal of experience and I'll teach you well.		You must be quite skilled to get so far? I'm sure there's nothing much for me to teach you, but who knows? If you're lacking in anything, just ask. I Have a great deal of experience and I'll teach you well.
					Since there's not much work in this city and I'm not making much, I'm considering going back to my old job. Hahaha. I used to be a clown. No, I'm not joking. Actually, I think it would be nice to be a cute city clown in a barren place like this.					Since there's not much work in this city and I'm not making much, I'm considering going back to my old job. Hahaha. I used to be a clown. No, I'm not joking. Actually, I think it would be nice to be a cute city clown in a barren place like this.		Since there's not much work in this city and I'm not making much, I'm considering going back to my old job. Hahaha. I used to be a clown. No, I'm not joking. Actually, I think it would be nice to be a cute city clown in a barren place like this.		Since there's not much work in this city and I'm not making much, I'm considering going back to my old job. Hahaha. I used to be a clown. No, I'm not joking. Actually, I think it would be nice to be a cute city clown in a barren place like this.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
345	<Stylist> Maiken		<Stylist> Maiken	100	Oh, look at your skin. I know you came all the way across the desert, but that's not acceptable. That's what happens when you don't use the right cosmetics at the right time. Can't you see how bad things are? Gosh. I should have a big mirror up in front of my shop.				100	Oh, look at your skin. I know you came all the way across the desert, but that's not acceptable. That's what happens when you don't use the right cosmetics at the right time. Can't you see how bad things are? Gosh. I should have a big mirror up in front of my shop.	100	Oh, look at your skin. I know you came all the way across the desert, but that's not acceptable. That's what happens when you don't use the right cosmetics at the right time. Can't you see how bad things are? Gosh. I should have a big mirror up in front of my shop.	100	Oh, look at your skin. I know you came all the way across the desert, but that's not acceptable. That's what happens when you don't use the right cosmetics at the right time. Can't you see how bad things are? Gosh. I should have a big mirror up in front of my shop.
					Oh, my. We have another great traveler here. You're no different from a wild animal if you don't take care of yourself. My apologies if you were offended. But being in this profession for a long time, I easily catch the little flaws on people's faces.					Oh, my. We have another great traveler here. You're no different from a wild animal if you don't take care of yourself. My apologies if you were offended. But being in this profession for a long time, I easily catch the little flaws on people's faces.		Oh, my. We have another great traveler here. You're no different from a wild animal if you don't take care of yourself. My apologies if you were offended. But being in this profession for a long time, I easily catch the little flaws on people's faces.		Oh, my. We have another great traveler here. You're no different from a wild animal if you don't take care of yourself. My apologies if you were offended. But being in this profession for a long time, I easily catch the little flaws on people's faces.
					Oh, well...being a Stylist for a long time, I've come to acquire the ability to see the fate of someone according to their looks. It's what they call physiognomy in the East! In your case...... Oh, what am I doing? Yeah, I'm only a stylist. How can I help you?					Oh, well...being a Stylist for a long time, I've come to acquire the ability to see the fate of someone according to their looks. It's what they call physiognomy in the East! In your case...... Oh, what am I doing? Yeah, I'm only a stylist. How can I help you?		Oh, well...being a Stylist for a long time, I've come to acquire the ability to see the fate of someone according to their looks. It's what they call physiognomy in the East! In your case...... Oh, what am I doing? Yeah, I'm only a stylist. How can I help you?		Oh, well...being a Stylist for a long time, I've come to acquire the ability to see the fate of someone according to their looks. It's what they call physiognomy in the East! In your case...... Oh, what am I doing? Yeah, I'm only a stylist. How can I help you?
					Hahaha. How are these clothes? It's a sable fur coat that Antonio Gabalda made. It was a mere 100,000 gold. Hahaha. Those who are jealous of me ridicule my lifestyle. They don't know that their incompetence is their fault. They should at least try to be where I am before they criticize others. Oh, I'm not saying you're one of them. Haha.					Hahaha. How are these clothes? It's a sable fur coat that Antonio Gabalda made. It was a mere 100,000 gold. Hahaha. Those who are jealous of me ridicule my lifestyle. They don't know that their incompetence is their fault. They should at least try to be where I am before they criticize others. Oh, I'm not saying you're one of them. Haha.		Hahaha. How are these clothes? It's a sable fur coat that Antonio Gabalda made. It was a mere 100,000 gold. Hahaha. Those who are jealous of me ridicule my lifestyle. They don't know that their incompetence is their fault. They should at least try to be where I am before they criticize others. Oh, I'm not saying you're one of them. Haha.		Hahaha. How are these clothes? It's a sable fur coat that Antonio Gabalda made. It was a mere 100,000 gold. Hahaha. Those who are jealous of me ridicule my lifestyle. They don't know that their incompetence is their fault. They should at least try to be where I am before they criticize others. Oh, I'm not saying you're one of them. Haha.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
346	<Captain> Giddem Stormstopper		<Captain> Giddem Stormstopper	100	Ehem. I'm quite busy right now, so please come back when I'm free. If it's urgent, I'll listen to it. Do you need a job? Let me see what there is that you can do.				100	Ehem. I'm quite busy right now, so please come back when I'm free. If it's urgent, I'll listen to it. Do you need a job? Let me see what there is that you can do.	100	Ehem. I'm quite busy right now, so please come back when I'm free. If it's urgent, I'll listen to it. Do you need a job? Let me see what there is that you can do.	100	Ehem. I'm quite busy right now, so please come back when I'm free. If it's urgent, I'll listen to it. Do you need a job? Let me see what there is that you can do.
					Terranoa is where all my dreams are. I invested all the money I made from my business here but we've been floating like this in the sky for hundreds of years. I wonder when we'll be able to sail. But I won't give up. Someday, we'll fly!					Terranoa is where all my dreams are. I invested all the money I made from my business here but we've been floating like this in the sky for hundreds of years. I wonder when we'll be able to sail. But I won't give up. Someday, we'll fly!		Terranoa is where all my dreams are. I invested all the money I made from my business here but we've been floating like this in the sky for hundreds of years. I wonder when we'll be able to sail. But I won't give up. Someday, we'll fly!		Terranoa is where all my dreams are. I invested all the money I made from my business here but we've been floating like this in the sky for hundreds of years. I wonder when we'll be able to sail. But I won't give up. Someday, we'll fly!
					The name Terranoa means 'continent's ark.' It was named with the hopes of saving as many lives as possible should some unfortunate incident happen in Chantra. I guess it's best that such a day never comes. But considering that Chantra was under crisis twice already...... No, I should be thinking optimistically.					The name Terranoa means 'continent's ark.' It was named with the hopes of saving as many lives as possible should some unfortunate incident happen in Chantra. I guess it's best that such a day never comes. But considering that Chantra was under crisis twice already...... No, I should be thinking optimistically.		The name Terranoa means 'continent's ark.' It was named with the hopes of saving as many lives as possible should some unfortunate incident happen in Chantra. I guess it's best that such a day never comes. But considering that Chantra was under crisis twice already...... No, I should be thinking optimistically.		The name Terranoa means 'continent's ark.' It was named with the hopes of saving as many lives as possible should some unfortunate incident happen in Chantra. I guess it's best that such a day never comes. But considering that Chantra was under crisis twice already...... No, I should be thinking optimistically.
					Traveler, how did you end up here? Only the chosen can enter this city. Besides merchants, only brave ones are allowed to come here. Surely, your not an ordinary traveler. I'll be watching you carefully!					Traveler, how did you end up here? Only the chosen can enter this city. Besides merchants, only brave ones are allowed to come here. Surely, your not an ordinary traveler. I'll be watching you carefully!		Traveler, how did you end up here? Only the chosen can enter this city. Besides merchants, only brave ones are allowed to come here. Surely, your not an ordinary traveler. I'll be watching you carefully!		Traveler, how did you end up here? Only the chosen can enter this city. Besides merchants, only brave ones are allowed to come here. Surely, your not an ordinary traveler. I'll be watching you carefully!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
347	<Bard> Vinyl		<Bard> Vinyl	100	There's power in music. It's very different from the power of dreadful weapons that you travelers carry. Once you understand the truth about this power, you'll be qualified to become a bard. But you have a long way to go.				100	There's power in music. It's very different from the power of dreadful weapons that you travelers carry. Once you understand the truth about this power, you'll be qualified to become a bard. But you have a long way to go.	100	There's power in music. It's very different from the power of dreadful weapons that you travelers carry. Once you understand the truth about this power, you'll be qualified to become a bard. But you have a long way to go.	100	There's power in music. It's very different from the power of dreadful weapons that you travelers carry. Once you understand the truth about this power, you'll be qualified to become a bard. But you have a long way to go.
					I hear rumors saying that I have enormous power within me. Well, do not believe such rumors. I simply sing because I enjoy it. I'm happy that my songs were considered something of a mystery. But over praise isn't good. Hahaha.					I hear rumors saying that I have enormous power within me. Well, do not believe such rumors. I simply sing because I enjoy it. I'm happy that my songs were considered something of a mystery. But over praise isn't good. Hahaha.		I hear rumors saying that I have enormous power within me. Well, do not believe such rumors. I simply sing because I enjoy it. I'm happy that my songs were considered something of a mystery. But over praise isn't good. Hahaha.		I hear rumors saying that I have enormous power within me. Well, do not believe such rumors. I simply sing because I enjoy it. I'm happy that my songs were considered something of a mystery. But over praise isn't good. Hahaha.
					I want to go to another continent on this ship and spread the power of my music. But the ship hasn't moved at all. So I sing for Giddem because I don't want to be an unwanted guest.					I want to go to another continent on this ship and spread the power of my music. But the ship hasn't moved at all. So I sing for Giddem because I don't want to be an unwanted guest.		I want to go to another continent on this ship and spread the power of my music. But the ship hasn't moved at all. So I sing for Giddem because I don't want to be an unwanted guest.		I want to go to another continent on this ship and spread the power of my music. But the ship hasn't moved at all. So I sing for Giddem because I don't want to be an unwanted guest.
					I have no ability to teach music yet. Teaching isn't something you just do. You need to prove that you're qualified and I'm not. I'm sure I'll be someday. When I am, I'll certainly be teaching music in another continent.					I have no ability to teach music yet. Teaching isn't something you just do. You need to prove that you're qualified and I'm not. I'm sure I'll be someday. When I am, I'll certainly be teaching music in another continent.		I have no ability to teach music yet. Teaching isn't something you just do. You need to prove that you're qualified and I'm not. I'm sure I'll be someday. When I am, I'll certainly be teaching music in another continent.		I have no ability to teach music yet. Teaching isn't something you just do. You need to prove that you're qualified and I'm not. I'm sure I'll be someday. When I am, I'll certainly be teaching music in another continent.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
348	<Nobleman> Icigo		<Nobleman> Icigo	100	Did the captain send you? Hm, he didn't. Then please don't bother me. There are hyena-like fellows who ask for my help just because I'm a nobleman. I hope you're not one of them. But it is possible that people may think the same of you. So please go away.				100	Did the captain send you? Hm, he didn't. Then please don't bother me. There are hyena-like fellows who ask for my help just because I'm a nobleman. I hope you're not one of them. But it is possible that people may think the same of you. So please go away.	100	Did the captain send you? Hm, he didn't. Then please don't bother me. There are hyena-like fellows who ask for my help just because I'm a nobleman. I hope you're not one of them. But it is possible that people may think the same of you. So please go away.	100	Did the captain send you? Hm, he didn't. Then please don't bother me. There are hyena-like fellows who ask for my help just because I'm a nobleman. I hope you're not one of them. But it is possible that people may think the same of you. So please go away.
					Is it weird that a nobleman is on this ship? Well, I guess I am clearly different from the other shabby travelers. But I'm not the one that's weird. It's them. They're lacking. I'll just be generous and understand them.					Is it weird that a nobleman is on this ship? Well, I guess I am clearly different from the other shabby travelers. But I'm not the one that's weird. It's them. They're lacking. I'll just be generous and understand them.		Is it weird that a nobleman is on this ship? Well, I guess I am clearly different from the other shabby travelers. But I'm not the one that's weird. It's them. They're lacking. I'll just be generous and understand them.		Is it weird that a nobleman is on this ship? Well, I guess I am clearly different from the other shabby travelers. But I'm not the one that's weird. It's them. They're lacking. I'll just be generous and understand them.
					I've seen noblemen who became travelers because they have nothing else to do. But they all come back after a short time, looking filthy, and never leave again. So it seems that travelers live in a world that's hard to relate to. Well, I guess you don't have a choice.					I've seen noblemen who became travelers because they have nothing else to do. But they all come back after a short time, looking filthy, and never leave again. So it seems that travelers live in a world that's hard to relate to. Well, I guess you don't have a choice.		I've seen noblemen who became travelers because they have nothing else to do. But they all come back after a short time, looking filthy, and never leave again. So it seems that travelers live in a world that's hard to relate to. Well, I guess you don't have a choice.		I've seen noblemen who became travelers because they have nothing else to do. But they all come back after a short time, looking filthy, and never leave again. So it seems that travelers live in a world that's hard to relate to. Well, I guess you don't have a choice.
					There are those who keep talking to me when I'm busy. It's not just you. All travelers are like that. What is it you want from me?					There are those who keep talking to me when I'm busy. It's not just you. All travelers are like that. What is it you want from me?		There are those who keep talking to me when I'm busy. It's not just you. All travelers are like that. What is it you want from me?		There are those who keep talking to me when I'm busy. It's not just you. All travelers are like that. What is it you want from me?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
349	<Wandering Warrior> Silver		<Wandering Warrior> Silver	100	I may look shabby like this, but I can say that I'm clearly on a different level compared to travelers like you. What I'm saying is...... Oh, it's difficult to explain, but it's true. So I'd recommend you try not to be too intimate with me. Go away.				100	I may look shabby like this, but I can say that I'm clearly on a different level compared to travelers like you. What I'm saying is...... Oh, it's difficult to explain, but it's true. So I'd recommend you try not to be too intimate with me. Go away.	100	I may look shabby like this, but I can say that I'm clearly on a different level compared to travelers like you. What I'm saying is...... Oh, it's difficult to explain, but it's true. So I'd recommend you try not to be too intimate with me. Go away.	100	I may look shabby like this, but I can say that I'm clearly on a different level compared to travelers like you. What I'm saying is...... Oh, it's difficult to explain, but it's true. So I'd recommend you try not to be too intimate with me. Go away.
					Everyone has a past including you and me. But no one wishes to speak about it here. I guess you don't need to be serious all the time. What is life? I think being happy is first and foremost important. Are you here to be happy?					Everyone has a past including you and me. But no one wishes to speak about it here. I guess you don't need to be serious all the time. What is life? I think being happy is first and foremost important. Are you here to be happy?		Everyone has a past including you and me. But no one wishes to speak about it here. I guess you don't need to be serious all the time. What is life? I think being happy is first and foremost important. Are you here to be happy?		Everyone has a past including you and me. But no one wishes to speak about it here. I guess you don't need to be serious all the time. What is life? I think being happy is first and foremost important. Are you here to be happy?
					Hm. You look like you've been through a lot, but you still seem to lack in several ways. Oh, don't be too offended. I'm just giving you my opinion as someone who has more travel experience than you. An adventure is a traveler's master, so I guess we could say we trained under the same master. Right? Hahaha.					Hm. You look like you've been through a lot, but you still seem to lack in several ways. Oh, don't be too offended. I'm just giving you my opinion as someone who has more travel experience than you. An adventure is a traveler's master, so I guess we could say we trained under the same master. Right? Hahaha.		Hm. You look like you've been through a lot, but you still seem to lack in several ways. Oh, don't be too offended. I'm just giving you my opinion as someone who has more travel experience than you. An adventure is a traveler's master, so I guess we could say we trained under the same master. Right? Hahaha.		Hm. You look like you've been through a lot, but you still seem to lack in several ways. Oh, don't be too offended. I'm just giving you my opinion as someone who has more travel experience than you. An adventure is a traveler's master, so I guess we could say we trained under the same master. Right? Hahaha.
					Hey, traveler. You look tired. A cold drink and some good food will relieve the fatigue, huh? Well, the moment I saw you, I noticed that your fate is far from such a life. You were born to sleep on moss and drink the blood of monsters. It's the biggest blessing for a traveler. Haha. So is something wrong?					Hey, traveler. You look tired. A cold drink and some good food will relieve the fatigue, huh? Well, the moment I saw you, I noticed that your fate is far from such a life. You were born to sleep on moss and drink the blood of monsters. It's the biggest blessing for a traveler. Haha. So is something wrong?		Hey, traveler. You look tired. A cold drink and some good food will relieve the fatigue, huh? Well, the moment I saw you, I noticed that your fate is far from such a life. You were born to sleep on moss and drink the blood of monsters. It's the biggest blessing for a traveler. Haha. So is something wrong?		Hey, traveler. You look tired. A cold drink and some good food will relieve the fatigue, huh? Well, the moment I saw you, I noticed that your fate is far from such a life. You were born to sleep on moss and drink the blood of monsters. It's the biggest blessing for a traveler. Haha. So is something wrong?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
350	<Traveler> Jihaja		<Traveler> Jihaja	100	Oh, I'm tired. I feel fine when I'm playing my instrument. But the minute I'm done, I feel worn out. I wonder if you know what I'm talking about? It would be great if all travelers carried around an instrument. Then we could form a band or something. The Jihaja Band. Sound good?				100	Oh, I'm tired. I feel fine when I'm playing my instrument. But the minute I'm done, I feel worn out. I wonder if you know what I'm talking about? It would be great if all travelers carried around an instrument. Then we could form a band or something. The Jihaja Band. Sound good?	100	Oh, I'm tired. I feel fine when I'm playing my instrument. But the minute I'm done, I feel worn out. I wonder if you know what I'm talking about? It would be great if all travelers carried around an instrument. Then we could form a band or something. The Jihaja Band. Sound good?	100	Oh, I'm tired. I feel fine when I'm playing my instrument. But the minute I'm done, I feel worn out. I wonder if you know what I'm talking about? It would be great if all travelers carried around an instrument. Then we could form a band or something. The Jihaja Band. Sound good?
					Hey, hey, hey. Wait a minute! A motif's about to flash through my mind. Leave me alone! Can't we talk when I'm not busy?					Hey, hey, hey. Wait a minute! A motif's about to flash through my mind. Leave me alone! Can't we talk when I'm not busy?		Hey, hey, hey. Wait a minute! A motif's about to flash through my mind. Leave me alone! Can't we talk when I'm not busy?		Hey, hey, hey. Wait a minute! A motif's about to flash through my mind. Leave me alone! Can't we talk when I'm not busy?
					A traveler needs to be refined, but I can see you're not. What's the reason you're not interested in playing an instrument? Is it difficult? It's a lot easier than wielding a heavy piece of metal. You know what, you people should be embarrassed.					A traveler needs to be refined, but I can see you're not. What's the reason you're not interested in playing an instrument? Is it difficult? It's a lot easier than wielding a heavy piece of metal. You know what, you people should be embarrassed.		A traveler needs to be refined, but I can see you're not. What's the reason you're not interested in playing an instrument? Is it difficult? It's a lot easier than wielding a heavy piece of metal. You know what, you people should be embarrassed.		A traveler needs to be refined, but I can see you're not. What's the reason you're not interested in playing an instrument? Is it difficult? It's a lot easier than wielding a heavy piece of metal. You know what, you people should be embarrassed.
					Oh, annoying traveler. Why do you keep bothering me? So what it is that you want? Why are you interrupting my composition?					Oh, annoying traveler. Why do you keep bothering me? So what it is that you want? Why are you interrupting my composition?		Oh, annoying traveler. Why do you keep bothering me? So what it is that you want? Why are you interrupting my composition?		Oh, annoying traveler. Why do you keep bothering me? So what it is that you want? Why are you interrupting my composition?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
351	<Pardoner> Spella		<Pardoner> Spella	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?				100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
352	<Pardoner> Wishtell		<Pardoner> Wishtell	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?				100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
353	<Pardoner> Jasmellen		<Pardoner> Jasmellen	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?				100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
354	<Pardoner> Ruffel		<Pardoner> Ruffel	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?				100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
355	<Pardoner> Spirichel		<Pardoner> Spirichel	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?				100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
356	<Pardoner> Pardnien		<Pardoner> Pardnien	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?				100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?	100	A pardoner always shows the best way to a traveler. That is our mission. It's what we must do. A traveler who receives our help will strip himself of all filth and start a new life. Oh traveler, what has brought you here?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
361	<Blacksmith> Nob Sandwing		<Blacksmith> Nob Sandwing	100	You must've heard about me. I'm a little embarrassed to say this, but I used to be a famous artisan. But that's all in the past. All I do now is fix damaged weapons. I'd suggest not to expect much from me.				100	I like this village, and I don't want you to stay here. Just tell me if you need anything. I don't want to see you here any longer than necessary.	100	I don't know what brought you to our small village, but I really love this place. Please leave here!	100	I don't know what brought you to our small village, but I really love this place. Please leave here!
					This is a small village, but I have devoted my entire life to it. A small, but very attractive place don't you think? And the headman's a great leader. I love this village and trust you will, too.									
					Neither of your armor or weapon look too good. But they've become unique items that bear traces of years of traveling. Wonderful.									
					Hey, don't come too close. Stand too close to a bellow in the hot desert and you'll faint in less than a minute. I'm okay because I'm used to it. But you people won't be able to stand it. I'm not saying you're weak. I'm just telling you the truth.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
362	<Merchant> Ferr		<Merchant> Ferr	100	It's a small village, but the cash flow is quite big due to the large volume of merchants passing through the area. Of course, travelers do cause some problems now and then, you just have to be cautious.				100	This place isn't safe since you came here. I could sell something to you, but how about you go to a bigger city and see a Pardoner?	100	Are you here to kill us Kobolts? I don't want to hear your reasons, just leave our village!	100	Are you here to kill us Kobolts? I don't want to hear your reasons, just leave our village!
					Welcome to Ferr's shop. How can I help you? Oh, I'm not necessarily saying you should buy something. Don't worry. It's just what all Merchants say. But you must be here for something, am I right?									
					You're a traveler. If you're a Kobolt then I will help you settle down here, but if you're another tribe...... No, I'm not being discriminative. Actually, I guess I can't say that I have no intention of making you remember the trials that my friends and ancestors had to go through. But don't hate me too much.									
					Buying a cheap product in the west and selling it to a merchant in the east at a higher price will give you a profit. Traveler, do you have such an item for me?									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
363	<Headman> Yon		<Headman> Yon	100	Good day! It's a lovely day for travelers to head out to the desert. But there's always danger, so I recommend you set off after you get plenty of rest in this village. Now, don't refuse. Take off your armor and take a deep breath.				100	Good day! It's a lovely day for travelers to head out to the desert. But there's always danger, so I recommend you set off after you get plenty of rest in this village. Now, don't refuse. Take off your armor and take a deep breath.	100	Good day! It's a lovely day for travelers to head out to the desert. But there's always danger, so I recommend you set off after you get plenty of rest in this village. Now, don't refuse. Take off your armor and take a deep breath.	100	Good day! It's a lovely day for travelers to head out to the desert. But there's always danger, so I recommend you set off after you get plenty of rest in this village. Now, don't refuse. Take off your armor and take a deep breath.
					This is Hideback Village, not Kobolt Village. Many people seem to confuse the two. Let me repeat that you're in Hideback Village. Kobolts are simply a part of the village.					This is Hideback Village, not Kobolt Village. Many people seem to confuse the two. Let me repeat that you're in Hideback Village. Kobolts are simply a part of the village.		This is Hideback Village, not Kobolt Village. Many people seem to confuse the two. Let me repeat that you're in Hideback Village. Kobolts are simply a part of the village.		This is Hideback Village, not Kobolt Village. Many people seem to confuse the two. Let me repeat that you're in Hideback Village. Kobolts are simply a part of the village.
					There's not much a Headman does in a small village like this. Most of it's talking to travelers like you and guiding them. Is there something you'd like to know?					There's not much a Headman does in a small village like this. Most of it's talking to travelers like you and guiding them. Is there something you'd like to know?		There's not much a Headman does in a small village like this. Most of it's talking to travelers like you and guiding them. Is there something you'd like to know?		There's not much a Headman does in a small village like this. Most of it's talking to travelers like you and guiding them. Is there something you'd like to know?
					The village is small, the environment's barren and there are lots of monsters running around. It's also difficult to develop this area because of the small population. The village needs travelers like you in order to sustain itself. It's quite fortunate that more and more travelers are coming these days.					The village is small, the environment's barren and there are lots of monsters running around. It's also difficult to develop this area because of the small population. The village needs travelers like you in order to sustain itself. It's quite fortunate that more and more travelers are coming these days.		The village is small, the environment's barren and there are lots of monsters running around. It's also difficult to develop this area because of the small population. The village needs travelers like you in order to sustain itself. It's quite fortunate that more and more travelers are coming these days.		The village is small, the environment's barren and there are lots of monsters running around. It's also difficult to develop this area because of the small population. The village needs travelers like you in order to sustain itself. It's quite fortunate that more and more travelers are coming these days.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
364	<Grave Robber> Toray		<Grave Robber> Toray	100	So...... Oh! I forgot again! I could've counted until ten if you hadn't talked to me. It's something that's really hard for me. . Over half a day, I barely managed to count the pieces of bread I was going to eat. Travelers these days don't even know how to apologize after interrupting someone.				100	So...... Oh! I forgot again! I could've counted until ten if you hadn't talked to me. It's something that's really hard for me. . Over half a day, I barely managed to count the pieces of bread I was going to eat. Travelers these days don't even know how to apologize after interrupting someone.	100	So...... Oh! I forgot again! I could've counted until ten if you hadn't talked to me. It's something that's really hard for me. . Over half a day, I barely managed to count the pieces of bread I was going to eat. Travelers these days don't even know how to apologize after interrupting someone.	100	So...... Oh! I forgot again! I could've counted until ten if you hadn't talked to me. It's something that's really hard for me. . Over half a day, I barely managed to count the pieces of bread I was going to eat. Travelers these days don't even know how to apologize after interrupting someone.
					Some say that a grave robber is not a legitimate job, but they don't know much. I'm not doing this because I like it. I originally wanted to become an archeologist, but I'm not that smart. I wasn't much good at studying. So instead, I became a grave robber and travel back to ancient times. Ehem.					Some say that a grave robber is not a legitimate job, but they don't know much. I'm not doing this because I like it. I originally wanted to become an archeologist, but I'm not that smart. I wasn't much good at studying. So instead, I became a grave robber and travel back to ancient times. Ehem.		Some say that a grave robber is not a legitimate job, but they don't know much. I'm not doing this because I like it. I originally wanted to become an archeologist, but I'm not that smart. I wasn't much good at studying. So instead, I became a grave robber and travel back to ancient times. Ehem.		Some say that a grave robber is not a legitimate job, but they don't know much. I'm not doing this because I like it. I originally wanted to become an archeologist, but I'm not that smart. I wasn't much good at studying. So instead, I became a grave robber and travel back to ancient times. Ehem.
					Is there any place around here you are curious about? Perhaps a grave that you would like to enter? Then tell me any time! There's nowhere I can't go with a sturdy hoe. You'll believe me when you see my work.					Is there any place around here you are curious about? Perhaps a grave that you would like to enter? Then tell me any time! There's nowhere I can't go with a sturdy hoe. You'll believe me when you see my work.		Is there any place around here you are curious about? Perhaps a grave that you would like to enter? Then tell me any time! There's nowhere I can't go with a sturdy hoe. You'll believe me when you see my work.		Is there any place around here you are curious about? Perhaps a grave that you would like to enter? Then tell me any time! There's nowhere I can't go with a sturdy hoe. You'll believe me when you see my work.
					It's a world just for us. We don't intend to share it with you. That's just how it has to be. Do you have any questions?					It's a world just for us. We don't intend to share it with you. That's just how it has to be. Do you have any questions?		It's a world just for us. We don't intend to share it with you. That's just how it has to be. Do you have any questions?		It's a world just for us. We don't intend to share it with you. That's just how it has to be. Do you have any questions?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
365	<Spice Merchant> Barios		<Spice Merchant> Barios	100	Do you have any spices? No? Then there's no reason for me to talk to you. Good bye! You're not leaving? I'm supposed to have something to say to you? Is that it?				100	Do you have any spices? No? Then there's no reason for me to talk to you. Good bye! You're not leaving? I'm supposed to have something to say to you? Is that it?	100	Do you have any spices? No? Then there's no reason for me to talk to you. Good bye! You're not leaving? I'm supposed to have something to say to you? Is that it?	100	Do you have any spices? No? Then there's no reason for me to talk to you. Good bye! You're not leaving? I'm supposed to have something to say to you? Is that it?
					I became a spice merchant because I can sell spices at a high price. Of course, I'm not talking about travelers like you, but real wealthy people. So unless you have business with me, keep to yourself.					I became a spice merchant because I can sell spices at a high price. Of course, I'm not talking about travelers like you, but real wealthy people. So unless you have business with me, keep to yourself.		I became a spice merchant because I can sell spices at a high price. Of course, I'm not talking about travelers like you, but real wealthy people. So unless you have business with me, keep to yourself.		I became a spice merchant because I can sell spices at a high price. Of course, I'm not talking about travelers like you, but real wealthy people. So unless you have business with me, keep to yourself.
					My incense can get rid of any odor on a traveler's body. But how sad. They're too expensive for you. The cheapest one is 100 million gold. Hahaha. So finish up and leave. You'll just end up feeling sad.					My incense can get rid of any odor on a traveler's body. But how sad. They're too expensive for you. The cheapest one is 100 million gold. Hahaha. So finish up and leave. You'll just end up feeling sad.		My incense can get rid of any odor on a traveler's body. But how sad. They're too expensive for you. The cheapest one is 100 million gold. Hahaha. So finish up and leave. You'll just end up feeling sad.		My incense can get rid of any odor on a traveler's body. But how sad. They're too expensive for you. The cheapest one is 100 million gold. Hahaha. So finish up and leave. You'll just end up feeling sad.
					According to my plans, I'm supposed to be in Terranoa. But I had to settle down here because Captain Giddem said he didn't like spices. This place is really wretched. If it weren't for the big merchants, I'd leave in a second because it's just full of people like you who come up and talk for no reason. What is it you want?					According to my plans, I'm supposed to be in Terranoa. But I had to settle down here because Captain Giddem said he didn't like spices. This place is really wretched. If it weren't for the big merchants, I'd leave in a second because it's just full of people like you who come up and talk for no reason. What is it you want?		According to my plans, I'm supposed to be in Terranoa. But I had to settle down here because Captain Giddem said he didn't like spices. This place is really wretched. If it weren't for the big merchants, I'd leave in a second because it's just full of people like you who come up and talk for no reason. What is it you want?		According to my plans, I'm supposed to be in Terranoa. But I had to settle down here because Captain Giddem said he didn't like spices. This place is really wretched. If it weren't for the big merchants, I'd leave in a second because it's just full of people like you who come up and talk for no reason. What is it you want?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
366	<Sorcerer> Roin Biouth		<Sorcerer> Roin Biouth	100	Hmm. The world of magic is immensely vast. No sorcerer can measure its size. But I can. Yes, me. In my book lies a world that travelers cannot understand. Hahaha!				100	Hmm. The world of magic is immensely vast. No sorcerer can measure its size. But I can. Yes, me. In my book lies a world that travelers cannot understand. Hahaha!	100	Hmm. The world of magic is immensely vast. No sorcerer can measure its size. But I can. Yes, me. In my book lies a world that travelers cannot understand. Hahaha!	100	Hmm. The world of magic is immensely vast. No sorcerer can measure its size. But I can. Yes, me. In my book lies a world that travelers cannot understand. Hahaha!
					Hey, there. Look at me. Aren't you here to see me? Hm, you must be. Then you should have a more desperate look on your face instead of staring at me like that. It just doesn't make me want to deal with you.					Hey, there. Look at me. Aren't you here to see me? Hm, you must be. Then you should have a more desperate look on your face instead of staring at me like that. It just doesn't make me want to deal with you.		Hey, there. Look at me. Aren't you here to see me? Hm, you must be. Then you should have a more desperate look on your face instead of staring at me like that. It just doesn't make me want to deal with you.		Hey, there. Look at me. Aren't you here to see me? Hm, you must be. Then you should have a more desperate look on your face instead of staring at me like that. It just doesn't make me want to deal with you.
					Oh, this is really frustrating! Unless it's really important, go see Headman Yon! The fellow who turned this village into a Kobolt Village would surely be able to answer your questions. Right?					Oh, this is really frustrating! Unless it's really important, go see Headman Yon! The fellow who turned this village into a Kobolt Village would surely be able to answer your questions. Right?		Oh, this is really frustrating! Unless it's really important, go see Headman Yon! The fellow who turned this village into a Kobolt Village would surely be able to answer your questions. Right?		Oh, this is really frustrating! Unless it's really important, go see Headman Yon! The fellow who turned this village into a Kobolt Village would surely be able to answer your questions. Right?
					What is it? Tell me. Are you going to tell me an interesting story? It'd be great if it was bad news about Yon. What is it?					What is it? Tell me. Are you going to tell me an interesting story? It'd be great if it was bad news about Yon. What is it?		What is it? Tell me. Are you going to tell me an interesting story? It'd be great if it was bad news about Yon. What is it?		What is it? Tell me. Are you going to tell me an interesting story? It'd be great if it was bad news about Yon. What is it?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
371	<Supervisor> Grando		<Supervisor> Grando	100	Oh, my! You startled me! Gosh. This is an area where monsters often attack, so you shouldn't startle people like that. From now on, at least give me a sign before talking. I nearly fainted.				100	Oh, my! You startled me! Gosh. This is an area where monsters often attack, so you shouldn't startle people like that. From now on, at least give me a sign before talking. I nearly fainted.	100	Oh, my! You startled me! Gosh. This is an area where monsters often attack, so you shouldn't startle people like that. From now on, at least give me a sign before talking. I nearly fainted.	100	Oh, my! You startled me! Gosh. This is an area where monsters often attack, so you shouldn't startle people like that. From now on, at least give me a sign before talking. I nearly fainted.
					That portal you see over there is the road to Terranoa. Only the brave are given the chance to enter. Are you brave?					That portal you see over there is the road to Terranoa. Only the brave are given the chance to enter. Are you brave?		That portal you see over there is the road to Terranoa. Only the brave are given the chance to enter. Are you brave?		That portal you see over there is the road to Terranoa. Only the brave are given the chance to enter. Are you brave?
					I've known Captain Giddem for a long time, which is why I'm working as a supervisor. The job's pretty simple. I supervise the area and guide those who want to go to Terranoa. Recently, I've been guiding a lot of tourists and it's made me neglect my duties as a supervisor.					I've known Captain Giddem for a long time, which is why I'm working as a supervisor. The job's pretty simple. I supervise the area and guide those who want to go to Terranoa. Recently, I've been guiding a lot of tourists and it's made me neglect my duties as a supervisor.		I've known Captain Giddem for a long time, which is why I'm working as a supervisor. The job's pretty simple. I supervise the area and guide those who want to go to Terranoa. Recently, I've been guiding a lot of tourists and it's made me neglect my duties as a supervisor.		I've known Captain Giddem for a long time, which is why I'm working as a supervisor. The job's pretty simple. I supervise the area and guide those who want to go to Terranoa. Recently, I've been guiding a lot of tourists and it's made me neglect my duties as a supervisor.
					Oh, you must be a traveler. Thank goodness. Being alone, I was bored and scared. I can take on one or two monsters. But sometimes, they appear in groups late at night and it gives me the chills. Come closer!					Oh, you must be a traveler. Thank goodness. Being alone, I was bored and scared. I can take on one or two monsters. But sometimes, they appear in groups late at night and it gives me the chills. Come closer!		Oh, you must be a traveler. Thank goodness. Being alone, I was bored and scared. I can take on one or two monsters. But sometimes, they appear in groups late at night and it gives me the chills. Come closer!		Oh, you must be a traveler. Thank goodness. Being alone, I was bored and scared. I can take on one or two monsters. But sometimes, they appear in groups late at night and it gives me the chills. Come closer!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
372	<Monster Master> Ayorg		<Monster Master> Ayorg	100	This is my kingdom. If you've come to see me, I'm afraid you're going to be disappointed, as I am very busy ruling my kingdom. Surely you're not afraid of a few monsters are you? Get over your prejudices Maybe I'll have time to see you. Maybe.				100	This is my kingdom. If you've come to see me, I'm afraid you're going to be disappointed, as I am very busy ruling my kingdom. Surely you're not afraid of a few monsters are you? Get over your prejudices Maybe I'll have time to see you. Maybe.	100	This is my kingdom. If you've come to see me, I'm afraid you're going to be disappointed, as I am very busy ruling my kingdom. Surely you're not afraid of a few monsters are you? Get over your prejudices Maybe I'll have time to see you. Maybe.	100	This is my kingdom. If you've come to see me, I'm afraid you're going to be disappointed, as I am very busy ruling my kingdom. Surely you're not afraid of a few monsters are you? Get over your prejudices Maybe I'll have time to see you. Maybe.
					I put all my wealth into creating this place, but the Gnomes of Terranoa turned it into this. It's where my dreams lie...... But I'm not worried. The monsters have become citizens and are protecting it. Hahaha.					I put all my wealth into creating this place, but the Gnomes of Terranoa turned it into this. It's where my dreams lie...... But I'm not worried. The monsters have become citizens and are protecting it. Hahaha.		I put all my wealth into creating this place, but the Gnomes of Terranoa turned it into this. It's where my dreams lie...... But I'm not worried. The monsters have become citizens and are protecting it. Hahaha.		I put all my wealth into creating this place, but the Gnomes of Terranoa turned it into this. It's where my dreams lie...... But I'm not worried. The monsters have become citizens and are protecting it. Hahaha.
					I once met a traveler in a black robe. He spoke the sweetest words. I couldn't help but follow him. It was a very enjoyable experience. It's after I listened to him that I gained confidence. Would you like to hear the story as well?					I once met a traveler in a black robe. He spoke the sweetest words. I couldn't help but follow him. It was a very enjoyable experience. It's after I listened to him that I gained confidence. Would you like to hear the story as well?		I once met a traveler in a black robe. He spoke the sweetest words. I couldn't help but follow him. It was a very enjoyable experience. It's after I listened to him that I gained confidence. Would you like to hear the story as well?		I once met a traveler in a black robe. He spoke the sweetest words. I couldn't help but follow him. It was a very enjoyable experience. It's after I listened to him that I gained confidence. Would you like to hear the story as well?
					You must've been surprised to find a building like this in the middle of the desert. How old do you think it is? 100 years? 200 years? Hahaha. It's actually not that old. All these traces are those made by the sand. Hahaha.					You must've been surprised to find a building like this in the middle of the desert. How old do you think it is? 100 years? 200 years? Hahaha. It's actually not that old. All these traces are those made by the sand. Hahaha.		You must've been surprised to find a building like this in the middle of the desert. How old do you think it is? 100 years? 200 years? Hahaha. It's actually not that old. All these traces are those made by the sand. Hahaha.		You must've been surprised to find a building like this in the middle of the desert. How old do you think it is? 100 years? 200 years? Hahaha. It's actually not that old. All these traces are those made by the sand. Hahaha.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
373	<Guide> Forkroad		<Guide> Forkroad	100	Go up that way and you'll find a place for travelers between levels 65 and 68. There is no road, so you might get lost. In order to survive, you must hunt a monster relative to your level and take the right path. Looking at you...... I think you may find it a little difficult.				100	Go up that way and you'll find a place for travelers between levels 65 and 68. There is no road, so you might get lost. In order to survive, you must hunt a monster relative to your level and take the right path. Looking at you...... I think you may find it a little difficult.	100	Go up that way and you'll find a place for travelers between levels 65 and 68. There is no road, so you might get lost. In order to survive, you must hunt a monster relative to your level and take the right path. Looking at you...... I think you may find it a little difficult.	100	Go up that way and you'll find a place for travelers between levels 65 and 68. There is no road, so you might get lost. In order to survive, you must hunt a monster relative to your level and take the right path. Looking at you...... I think you may find it a little difficult.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
374	<Guide> Frontielle		<Guide> Frontielle	100	This place connects the Land of Loss and the Boundary of Life. I wouldn't recommend going to the Land of Loss unless you're an experienced traveler.				100	This place connects the Land of Loss and the Boundary of Life. I wouldn't recommend going to the Land of Loss unless you're an experienced traveler.	100	This place connects the Land of Loss and the Boundary of Life. I wouldn't recommend going to the Land of Loss unless you're an experienced traveler.	100	This place connects the Land of Loss and the Boundary of Life. I wouldn't recommend going to the Land of Loss unless you're an experienced traveler.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
381	<Merchant> Ilaira		<Merchant> Ilaira	100	Oh... Welcome stranger... you have done well to make it this far. Can I interest you in any items that maybe of use on your travels?				100	You'll have to pay a lot if you want to buy something. If you don't want to, you're free to leave.	100	I don't have anything to sell to you.	100	I don't have anything to sell to you.
					You'll only survive the perils that await if you prepare yourself well in advance. Please do not underestimate the challenge ahead and prepare yourself for great challenges.									
					The Contra House does not trade with outsiders. The items here are all made by ourselves. So relax, take your time and pick wisely friend.									
					Welcome to Ilaira Store. Have a nice day!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
382	<Blacksmith> Melanelen		<Blacksmith> Melanelen	100	Welcome to Melanelen's Smithy. If you bring me a reinforcement potion, I will upgrade your weapon with my great skills!				100	I can reinforce your weapons, but I can't promise it'll work. I don't want to help you get better weapons!	100	Huh? What...? What do you want from me? I don't want anything from you!	100	Huh? What...? What do you want from me? I don't want anything from you!
					You must be quite a brave adventurer to reach this far. But be careful friend this area is fraught with great peril and shouldn't be underestimated.									
					I guess you didn't think I was a Blacksmith judging by my appearance. Well, I am a Blacksmith. Maybe you thought that all Blacksmiths looked rough? Hohoho. Don't worry, I have all the skills a Blacksmith should have, so just let me know if there's anything that you want me to have a look at.									
					You're already rumored to be one of the strongest travelers. But please remember to keep yourself focused. Now, tell me if there's anything that you want.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
383	<Bard> Ronelli		<Bard> Ronelli	100	I am Bard Lorelli, I fill Contra house with song. There aren't many residents living here, so feel free to rest your weary body. I am an expert in many areas. If you'd like a favor, feel free to ask.				100	I am Bard Lorelli, I fill Contra house with song. There aren't many residents living here, so feel free to rest your weary body. I am an expert in many areas. If you'd like a favor, feel free to ask.	100	I am Bard Lorelli, I fill Contra house with song. There aren't many residents living here, so feel free to rest your weary body. I am an expert in many areas. If you'd like a favor, feel free to ask.	100	I am Bard Lorelli, I fill Contra house with song. There aren't many residents living here, so feel free to rest your weary body. I am an expert in many areas. If you'd like a favor, feel free to ask.
					How dare you disturb my song! Is there something that you want? Tell me!					How dare you disturb my song! Is there something that you want? Tell me!		How dare you disturb my song! Is there something that you want? Tell me!		How dare you disturb my song! Is there something that you want? Tell me!
					Latria is the land of Bards. This is Bard's village. I'm Lorelli the only Bard who is allowed to sing in this village. Now, if you're not too busy, please listen to my song.					Latria is the land of Bards. This is Bard's village. I'm Lorelli the only Bard who is allowed to sing in this village. Now, if you're not too busy, please listen to my song.		Latria is the land of Bards. This is Bard's village. I'm Lorelli the only Bard who is allowed to sing in this village. Now, if you're not too busy, please listen to my song.		Latria is the land of Bards. This is Bard's village. I'm Lorelli the only Bard who is allowed to sing in this village. Now, if you're not too busy, please listen to my song.
					Whenever you are sad, distressed or your mind and body are completely exhausted, just sing... If you don't want to sing, I will sing you a beautiful song whenever you come and visit me, or I will willingly listen to anything that you want to get off your chest.					Whenever you are sad, distressed or your mind and body are completely exhausted, just sing... If you don't want to sing, I will sing you a beautiful song whenever you come and visit me, or I will willingly listen to anything that you want to get off your chest.		Whenever you are sad, distressed or your mind and body are completely exhausted, just sing... If you don't want to sing, I will sing you a beautiful song whenever you come and visit me, or I will willingly listen to anything that you want to get off your chest.		Whenever you are sad, distressed or your mind and body are completely exhausted, just sing... If you don't want to sing, I will sing you a beautiful song whenever you come and visit me, or I will willingly listen to anything that you want to get off your chest.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
384	<Spirit Priest> Ronsolon		<Spirit Priest> Ronsolon	100	Welcome to Contra House. I am Ronsolon. I am an Elemental Priest as well as a representative of this village.				100	Welcome to Contra House. I am Ronsolon. I am an Elemental Priest as well as a representative of this village.	100	Welcome to Contra House. I am Ronsolon. I am an Elemental Priest as well as a representative of this village.	100	Welcome to Contra House. I am Ronsolon. I am an Elemental Priest as well as a representative of this village.
					You've come a long way stranger. To survive in Latria shows how much of a brave adventurer you really are. Rest well my friend, in this Contra House.					You've come a long way stranger. To survive in Latria shows how much of a brave adventurer you really are. Rest well my friend, in this Contra House.		You've come a long way stranger. To survive in Latria shows how much of a brave adventurer you really are. Rest well my friend, in this Contra House.		You've come a long way stranger. To survive in Latria shows how much of a brave adventurer you really are. Rest well my friend, in this Contra House.
					In order to stay in this city, you have to follow the basic rules. You are not allowed to drink, sing loudly, nor fight. Visitors often forget these rules and are kicked out from here. So remember these rules traveler!					In order to stay in this city, you have to follow the basic rules. You are not allowed to drink, sing loudly, nor fight. Visitors often forget these rules and are kicked out from here. So remember these rules traveler!		In order to stay in this city, you have to follow the basic rules. You are not allowed to drink, sing loudly, nor fight. Visitors often forget these rules and are kicked out from here. So remember these rules traveler!		In order to stay in this city, you have to follow the basic rules. You are not allowed to drink, sing loudly, nor fight. Visitors often forget these rules and are kicked out from here. So remember these rules traveler!
					Although this is a small village, this is the only place around here where you can live peacefully. So, you can unpack your bag here without having to worry about your safety.					Although this is a small village, this is the only place around here where you can live peacefully. So, you can unpack your bag here without having to worry about your safety.		Although this is a small village, this is the only place around here where you can live peacefully. So, you can unpack your bag here without having to worry about your safety.		Although this is a small village, this is the only place around here where you can live peacefully. So, you can unpack your bag here without having to worry about your safety.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
385	<Hunter> Robroney		<Hunter> Robroney	100	Haha. There's not much going on, Latria is such a peaceful place. I usually just listen to traveler's stories about their adventures. Do you have anything you'd like to tell me?				100	Haha. There's not much going on, Latria is such a peaceful place. I usually just listen to traveler's stories about their adventures. Do you have anything you'd like to tell me?	100	Haha. There's not much going on, Latria is such a peaceful place. I usually just listen to traveler's stories about their adventures. Do you have anything you'd like to tell me?	100	Haha. There's not much going on, Latria is such a peaceful place. I usually just listen to traveler's stories about their adventures. Do you have anything you'd like to tell me?
					Is there something that you wanted to ask? I was getting rather bored, so feel free to talk as much as want.					Is there something that you wanted to ask? I was getting rather bored, so feel free to talk as much as want.		Is there something that you wanted to ask? I was getting rather bored, so feel free to talk as much as want.		Is there something that you wanted to ask? I was getting rather bored, so feel free to talk as much as want.
					I normally have a lot to say when I meet a traveler, but I can't really think of anything right now. Can you wait a bit?  I might be able to think of something worthwhile to say...					I normally have a lot to say when I meet a traveler, but I can't really think of anything right now. Can you wait a bit?  I might be able to think of something worthwhile to say...		I normally have a lot to say when I meet a traveler, but I can't really think of anything right now. Can you wait a bit?  I might be able to think of something worthwhile to say...		I normally have a lot to say when I meet a traveler, but I can't really think of anything right now. Can you wait a bit?  I might be able to think of something worthwhile to say...
					Well done for getting through all the monsters to get here. I just gave up killing the monsters because there were so many! I think they're coming from somewhere underground.... Well, there's nothing we can do about them, do you bring any news?					Well done for getting through all the monsters to get here. I just gave up killing the monsters because there were so many! I think they're coming from somewhere underground.... Well, there's nothing we can do about them, do you bring any news?		Well done for getting through all the monsters to get here. I just gave up killing the monsters because there were so many! I think they're coming from somewhere underground.... Well, there's nothing we can do about them, do you bring any news?		Well done for getting through all the monsters to get here. I just gave up killing the monsters because there were so many! I think they're coming from somewhere underground.... Well, there's nothing we can do about them, do you bring any news?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
386	<Singer> Lailat		<Singer> Lailat	100	You have to keep quiet most of the time in Latria, or you will miss the beautiful sounds of nature. Shhhh... Listen carefully. Can you hear the sound of the wind?				100	You have to keep quiet most of the time in Latria, or you will miss the beautiful sounds of nature. Shhhh... Listen carefully. Can you hear the sound of the wind?	100	You have to keep quiet most of the time in Latria, or you will miss the beautiful sounds of nature. Shhhh... Listen carefully. Can you hear the sound of the wind?	100	You have to keep quiet most of the time in Latria, or you will miss the beautiful sounds of nature. Shhhh... Listen carefully. Can you hear the sound of the wind?
					Is there any particular music you desire to hear? If I know the song, I am willing to sing it you.					Is there any particular music you desire to hear? If I know the song, I am willing to sing it you.		Is there any particular music you desire to hear? If I know the song, I am willing to sing it you.		Is there any particular music you desire to hear? If I know the song, I am willing to sing it you.
					Songs are the source of power in life. You also hum when you have the time to spare, right? I sing all of you travelers a song. So, relax.					Songs are the source of power in life. You also hum when you have the time to spare, right? I sing all of you travelers a song. So, relax.		Songs are the source of power in life. You also hum when you have the time to spare, right? I sing all of you travelers a song. So, relax.		Songs are the source of power in life. You also hum when you have the time to spare, right? I sing all of you travelers a song. So, relax.
					You can listen to the music of nature wherever you go in this land. My songs are really nothing compared to this, but at least I can relieve traveler's exhaustion and give them hope with my songs. I hope you rest well here friend.					You can listen to the music of nature wherever you go in this land. My songs are really nothing compared to this, but at least I can relieve traveler's exhaustion and give them hope with my songs. I hope you rest well here friend.		You can listen to the music of nature wherever you go in this land. My songs are really nothing compared to this, but at least I can relieve traveler's exhaustion and give them hope with my songs. I hope you rest well here friend.		You can listen to the music of nature wherever you go in this land. My songs are really nothing compared to this, but at least I can relieve traveler's exhaustion and give them hope with my songs. I hope you rest well here friend.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
391	<Guide> Elo Shagal		<Guide> Elo Shagal	100	If you walk across the Music Hall behind me, you may find a area of interest to you. If you want to play it safe head in a Northerly direction, although it is not the quickest way.				100	If you walk across the Music Hall behind me, you may find a area of interest to you. If you want to play it safe head in a Northerly direction, although it is not the quickest way.	100	If you walk across the Music Hall behind me, you may find a area of interest to you. If you want to play it safe head in a Northerly direction, although it is not the quickest way.	100	If you walk across the Music Hall behind me, you may find a area of interest to you. If you want to play it safe head in a Northerly direction, although it is not the quickest way.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
392	<Soul Temple Priest> Kiladelphi		<Soul Temple Priest> Kiladelphi	100	Did you come to repose the souls of the dead? Then please help by being silent and pray with me for them.				100	Did you come to repose the souls of the dead? Then please help by being silent and pray with me for them.	100	Did you come to repose the souls of the dead? Then please help by being silent and pray with me for them.	100	Did you come to repose the souls of the dead? Then please help by being silent and pray with me for them.
					Now is the time to pray. If you have something to say, then please make it quick!					Now is the time to pray. If you have something to say, then please make it quick!		Now is the time to pray. If you have something to say, then please make it quick!		Now is the time to pray. If you have something to say, then please make it quick!
					Things could be worse, at least we are not dead. Be quiet here stranger and respect their sorrow. Please do not talk too loudly and bother me with trivia.					Things could be worse, at least we are not dead. Be quiet here stranger and respect their sorrow. Please do not talk too loudly and bother me with trivia.		Things could be worse, at least we are not dead. Be quiet here stranger and respect their sorrow. Please do not talk too loudly and bother me with trivia.		Things could be worse, at least we are not dead. Be quiet here stranger and respect their sorrow. Please do not talk too loudly and bother me with trivia.
					Its best to think before speaking here. Calm yourself down first and then speak traveler.					Its best to think before speaking here. Calm yourself down first and then speak traveler.		Its best to think before speaking here. Calm yourself down first and then speak traveler.		Its best to think before speaking here. Calm yourself down first and then speak traveler.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
393	<Soul Temple Priest> Sera Fina		<Soul Temple Priest> Sera Fina	100	This is not a place for the living to enter. If you've come to repose the dead, please show your devotion to their sacrifice with a fitting floral tribute.				100	This is not a place for the living to enter. If you've come to repose the dead, please show your devotion to their sacrifice with a fitting floral tribute.	100	This is not a place for the living to enter. If you've come to repose the dead, please show your devotion to their sacrifice with a fitting floral tribute.	100	This is not a place for the living to enter. If you've come to repose the dead, please show your devotion to their sacrifice with a fitting floral tribute.
					There are many travelers who lost their lives on this road.  Have you come to pray for them? If not, please keep quiet and don't disturb the dead.					There are many travelers who lost their lives on this road.  Have you come to pray for them? If not, please keep quiet and don't disturb the dead.		There are many travelers who lost their lives on this road.  Have you come to pray for them? If not, please keep quiet and don't disturb the dead.		There are many travelers who lost their lives on this road.  Have you come to pray for them? If not, please keep quiet and don't disturb the dead.
					If you make noise stranger you will disturb the dead that rest here. To ensure that everyone is at peace, please be quick and just tell me the reason you're here.					If you make noise stranger you will disturb the dead that rest here. To ensure that everyone is at peace, please be quick and just tell me the reason you're here.		If you make noise stranger you will disturb the dead that rest here. To ensure that everyone is at peace, please be quick and just tell me the reason you're here.		If you make noise stranger you will disturb the dead that rest here. To ensure that everyone is at peace, please be quick and just tell me the reason you're here.
					The Crypt is where the corpses are buried, and the Soul Temple is where the spirits of the dead are sent to become one with the Elements. Many travelers are intrigued by great rumors of its great power.					The Crypt is where the corpses are buried, and the Soul Temple is where the spirits of the dead are sent to become one with the Elements. Many travelers are intrigued by great rumors of its great power.		The Crypt is where the corpses are buried, and the Soul Temple is where the spirits of the dead are sent to become one with the Elements. Many travelers are intrigued by great rumors of its great power.		The Crypt is where the corpses are buried, and the Soul Temple is where the spirits of the dead are sent to become one with the Elements. Many travelers are intrigued by great rumors of its great power.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
394	<Archaeologist> Barsaba		<Archaeologist> Barsaba	100	I'm the only authorized Archaeologist to dig in Latria. The land here is so intriguing, mysterious, but thwart with danger. Taking this into account, you can imagine how important I am, yes?				100	I'm the only authorized Archaeologist to dig in Latria. The land here is so intriguing, mysterious, but thwart with danger. Taking this into account, you can imagine how important I am, yes?	100	I'm the only authorized Archaeologist to dig in Latria. The land here is so intriguing, mysterious, but thwart with danger. Taking this into account, you can imagine how important I am, yes?	100	I'm the only authorized Archaeologist to dig in Latria. The land here is so intriguing, mysterious, but thwart with danger. Taking this into account, you can imagine how important I am, yes?
					You must be very brave to come this far! There are so many monsters that even the Latria residents don't attempt to enter here. So why are you here? Are you out of your mind? Or.. Is there something that you want from me? If so, I'm more than  happy to listen to you!					You must be very brave to come this far! There are so many monsters that even the Latria residents don't attempt to enter here. So why are you here? Are you out of your mind? Or.. Is there something that you want from me? If so, I'm more than  happy to listen to you!		You must be very brave to come this far! There are so many monsters that even the Latria residents don't attempt to enter here. So why are you here? Are you out of your mind? Or.. Is there something that you want from me? If so, I'm more than  happy to listen to you!		You must be very brave to come this far! There are so many monsters that even the Latria residents don't attempt to enter here. So why are you here? Are you out of your mind? Or.. Is there something that you want from me? If so, I'm more than  happy to listen to you!
					You must've come here after seeing the great Metrodome behind me. That is the equipment that listens to what's happening underground, along with the other sound locators. It's rumored there is an entrance somewhere that leads deep underground. The residents in the Contra House are looking for the entrance with this equipment. I do my fair share of the work around here and am very busy. If you are planning to help me, you're assistance would be most welcome!					You must've come here after seeing the great Metrodome behind me. That is the equipment that listens to what's happening underground, along with the other sound locators. It's rumored there is an entrance somewhere that leads deep underground. The residents in the Contra House are looking for the entrance with this equipment. I do my fair share of the work around here and am very busy. If you are planning to help me, you're assistance would be most welcome!		You must've come here after seeing the great Metrodome behind me. That is the equipment that listens to what's happening underground, along with the other sound locators. It's rumored there is an entrance somewhere that leads deep underground. The residents in the Contra House are looking for the entrance with this equipment. I do my fair share of the work around here and am very busy. If you are planning to help me, you're assistance would be most welcome!		You must've come here after seeing the great Metrodome behind me. That is the equipment that listens to what's happening underground, along with the other sound locators. It's rumored there is an entrance somewhere that leads deep underground. The residents in the Contra House are looking for the entrance with this equipment. I do my fair share of the work around here and am very busy. If you are planning to help me, you're assistance would be most welcome!
					You must be a very adventurous traveler to venture and find this dangerous place. Think of yourself as some kind of Archaeologist? Huh! I won't ignore you as long as you don't irritate me. Anyway, is there something you wanted to ask me?					You must be a very adventurous traveler to venture and find this dangerous place. Think of yourself as some kind of Archaeologist? Huh! I won't ignore you as long as you don't irritate me. Anyway, is there something you wanted to ask me?		You must be a very adventurous traveler to venture and find this dangerous place. Think of yourself as some kind of Archaeologist? Huh! I won't ignore you as long as you don't irritate me. Anyway, is there something you wanted to ask me?		You must be a very adventurous traveler to venture and find this dangerous place. Think of yourself as some kind of Archaeologist? Huh! I won't ignore you as long as you don't irritate me. Anyway, is there something you wanted to ask me?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
395	<Drummer> Tintel		<Drummer> Tintel	100	This is my Kingdom! Well kind of... So you have to follow my orders around here. Now, empty your mind and listen to the sound of the drum beating! If you have something to say, make it quick! I'm very busy...				100	This is my Kingdom! Well kind of... So you have to follow my orders around here. Now, empty your mind and listen to the sound of the drum beating! If you have something to say, make it quick! I'm very busy...	100	This is my Kingdom! Well kind of... So you have to follow my orders around here. Now, empty your mind and listen to the sound of the drum beating! If you have something to say, make it quick! I'm very busy...	100	This is my Kingdom! Well kind of... So you have to follow my orders around here. Now, empty your mind and listen to the sound of the drum beating! If you have something to say, make it quick! I'm very busy...
					The drum behind there, I made by myself. It has magic powers, and plays itself without anyone touching it! Although it doesn't seem as if it's making any sound, it's actually vibrating the air very quietly. Close your eyes and feel the sound.					The drum behind there, I made by myself. It has magic powers, and plays itself without anyone touching it! Although it doesn't seem as if it's making any sound, it's actually vibrating the air very quietly. Close your eyes and feel the sound.		The drum behind there, I made by myself. It has magic powers, and plays itself without anyone touching it! Although it doesn't seem as if it's making any sound, it's actually vibrating the air very quietly. Close your eyes and feel the sound.		The drum behind there, I made by myself. It has magic powers, and plays itself without anyone touching it! Although it doesn't seem as if it's making any sound, it's actually vibrating the air very quietly. Close your eyes and feel the sound.
					You must have something to ask me since you have come all this way! Well, do you want to tell me why you're here?					You must have something to ask me since you have come all this way! Well, do you want to tell me why you're here?		You must have something to ask me since you have come all this way! Well, do you want to tell me why you're here?		You must have something to ask me since you have come all this way! Well, do you want to tell me why you're here?
					You are the first traveler I've seen for a long time. I'd like to reward you with something but I'm sorry I don't have anything to give you. Can I help you in any other way friend? Maybe some insight into these lands is what you need.					You are the first traveler I've seen for a long time. I'd like to reward you with something but I'm sorry I don't have anything to give you. Can I help you in any other way friend? Maybe some insight into these lands is what you need.		You are the first traveler I've seen for a long time. I'd like to reward you with something but I'm sorry I don't have anything to give you. Can I help you in any other way friend? Maybe some insight into these lands is what you need.		You are the first traveler I've seen for a long time. I'd like to reward you with something but I'm sorry I don't have anything to give you. Can I help you in any other way friend? Maybe some insight into these lands is what you need.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
396	<Siege Commander> Garrison		<Siege Commander> Garrison	100	Well well, what brings you all the way to the Inflame Castle? Do be careful here, as we are in the middle of a war. There is a reason for this present calm. And it would be no surprise if a bomb suddenly exploded here right now.				100	Well well, what brings you all the way to the Inflame Castle? Do be careful here, as we are in the middle of a war. There is a reason for this present calm. And it would be no surprise if a bomb suddenly exploded here right now.	100	Well well, what brings you all the way to the Inflame Castle? Do be careful here, as we are in the middle of a war. There is a reason for this present calm. And it would be no surprise if a bomb suddenly exploded here right now.	100	Well well, what brings you all the way to the Inflame Castle? Do be careful here, as we are in the middle of a war. There is a reason for this present calm. And it would be no surprise if a bomb suddenly exploded here right now.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
397	<Siege Commander> Utulkaran		<Siege Commander> Utulkaran	100	Welcome Friend! Had a look around the Arthian Castle yet? Looks nice, huh? If you think you have a chance of conquering the castle then give it a try. In my opinion you should give up now!				100	Welcome Friend! Had a look around the Arthian Castle yet? Looks nice, huh? If you think you have a chance of conquering the castle then give it a try. In my opinion you should give up now!	100	Welcome Friend! Had a look around the Arthian Castle yet? Looks nice, huh? If you think you have a chance of conquering the castle then give it a try. In my opinion you should give up now!	100	Welcome Friend! Had a look around the Arthian Castle yet? Looks nice, huh? If you think you have a chance of conquering the castle then give it a try. In my opinion you should give up now!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
398	<Siege Commander> Lilinae		<Siege Commander> Lilinae	100	Oh my, it's rare that someone comes to visit here. Might you be wanting to capture the Traqua Castle as well? Then you will have to speak to me first. Without my authorization you won't be able to hold a siege here.				100	Oh my, it's rare that someone comes to visit here. Might you be wanting to capture the Traqua Castle as well? Then you will have to speak to me first. Without my authorization you won't be able to hold a siege here.	100	Oh my, it's rare that someone comes to visit here. Might you be wanting to capture the Traqua Castle as well? Then you will have to speak to me first. Without my authorization you won't be able to hold a siege here.	100	Oh my, it's rare that someone comes to visit here. Might you be wanting to capture the Traqua Castle as well? Then you will have to speak to me first. Without my authorization you won't be able to hold a siege here.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
399	<Siege Merchant> Damian		<Siege Merchant> Damian	100	Welcome young Traveller! Are you participating in Siege Warfare? If so, then you'd better purchase some items off me. I have some amazing items for both the Attacking and Defending Guilds. Choose wisely as some items can only be used by Guild Masters.				100	Welcome young Traveller! Are you participating in Siege Warfare? If so, then you'd better purchase some items off me. I have some amazing items for both the Attacking and Defending Guilds. Choose wisely as some items can only be used by Guild Masters.	100	Welcome young Traveller! Are you participating in Siege Warfare? If so, then you'd better purchase some items off me. I have some amazing items for both the Attacking and Defending Guilds. Choose wisely as some items can only be used by Guild Masters.	100	Welcome young Traveller! Are you participating in Siege Warfare? If so, then you'd better purchase some items off me. I have some amazing items for both the Attacking and Defending Guilds. Choose wisely as some items can only be used by Guild Masters.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
400	<Siege Merchant> Woolank		<Siege Merchant> Woolank	100	My name is Woolank. I sell Siege Weapons, the deadly instruments of siege warfare. I carry everything from Monsters to Catapult Bombs. Just be careful what you buy, and remember that only Guild Masters can use Monsters for Siege.				100	My name is Woolank. I sell Siege Weapons, the deadly instruments of siege warfare. I carry everything from Monsters to Catapult Bombs. Just be careful what you buy, and remember that only Guild Masters can use Monsters for Siege.	100	My name is Woolank. I sell Siege Weapons, the deadly instruments of siege warfare. I carry everything from Monsters to Catapult Bombs. Just be careful what you buy, and remember that only Guild Masters can use Monsters for Siege.	100	My name is Woolank. I sell Siege Weapons, the deadly instruments of siege warfare. I carry everything from Monsters to Catapult Bombs. Just be careful what you buy, and remember that only Guild Masters can use Monsters for Siege.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
401	<Siege Merchant> Luroon		<Siege Merchant> Luroon	100	Hey there stranger! Come this way if you need any items for Siege Warfare. What? Potions? Go find a Merchant or Item Trader if you need those.				100	Hey there stranger! Come this way if you need any items for Siege Warfare. What? Potions? Go find a Merchant or Item Trader if you need those.	100	Hey there stranger! Come this way if you need any items for Siege Warfare. What? Potions? Go find a Merchant or Item Trader if you need those.	100	Hey there stranger! Come this way if you need any items for Siege Warfare. What? Potions? Go find a Merchant or Item Trader if you need those.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
402	<Stadium Merchant> Rildae		<Stadium Merchant> Rildae	100	Welcome I am Rildae, the merchant. I have some wares you may be interested in.				100	Welcome I am Rildae, the merchant. I have some wares you may be interested in.	100	Welcome I am Rildae, the merchant. I have some wares you may be interested in.	100	Welcome I am Rildae, the merchant. I have some wares you may be interested in.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
403	Anchorville Event NPC		Anchorville Event NPC	100	Hello!!! I'm here once again for the 3-Year Anniversary of Archlord!				100	Hello!!! I'm here once again for the 3-Year Anniversary of Archlord!	100	Hello!!! I'm here once again for the 3-Year Anniversary of Archlord!	100	Hello!!! I'm here once again for the 3-Year Anniversary of Archlord!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
404	Golundo Event NPC		Golundo Event NPC	100	Hello!!! I'm here once again for the 3-Year Anniversary of Archlord!				100	Hello!!! I'm here once again for the 3-Year Anniversary of Archlord!	100	Hello!!! I'm here once again for the 3-Year Anniversary of Archlord!	100	Hello!!! I'm here once again for the 3-Year Anniversary of Archlord!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
405	Norine Event NPC		Norine Event NPC	100	Hello!!! I'm here once again for the 3-Year Anniversary of Archlord!				100	Hello!!! I'm here once again for the 3-Year Anniversary of Archlord!	100	Hello!!! I'm here once again for the 3-Year Anniversary of Archlord!	100	Hello!!! I'm here once again for the 3-Year Anniversary of Archlord!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
406	Swashbuckler Roonie Roonie		Swashbuckler Roonie Roonie	100	Celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday and get more items! I am Swashbuckler Roonie Roonie, and I will host the Thanksgiving event. Nice to meet you.				100	Celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday and get more items! I am Swashbuckler Roonie Roonie, and I will host the Thanksgiving event. Nice to meet you.	100	Celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday and get more items! I am Swashbuckler Roonie Roonie, and I will host the Thanksgiving event. Nice to meet you.	100	Celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday and get more items! I am Swashbuckler Roonie Roonie, and I will host the Thanksgiving event. Nice to meet you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
407	Swashbuckler Brandel		Swashbuckler Brandel	100	Celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday and get more items! I am Swashbuckler Brandel, and I will host the Thanksgiving event. Nice to meet you.				100	Celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday and get more items! I am Swashbuckler Brandel, and I will host the Thanksgiving event. Nice to meet you.	100	Celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday and get more items! I am Swashbuckler Brandel, and I will host the Thanksgiving event. Nice to meet you.	100	Celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday and get more items! I am Swashbuckler Brandel, and I will host the Thanksgiving event. Nice to meet you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
408	Swashbuckler Prurun		Swashbuckler Prurun	100	Celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday and get more items! I am Swashbuckler Prurun, and I will host the Thanksgiving event. Nice to meet you.				100	Celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday and get more items! I am Swashbuckler Prurun, and I will host the Thanksgiving event. Nice to meet you.	100	Celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday and get more items! I am Swashbuckler Prurun, and I will host the Thanksgiving event. Nice to meet you.	100	Celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday and get more items! I am Swashbuckler Prurun, and I will host the Thanksgiving event. Nice to meet you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
409	<Warrior Ordnance Merchant> Lou Lien		<Warrior Ordnance Merchant> Lou Lien	100	Sigh¡¦It's really tough to get back to business after a long break. Ha ha! I had to reopen my shop because Swashbuckler's missed me too much!				100	I just started business again, and now someone like you comes in. All my goods are a little expensive. Do you still want to buy from me?	100	I have nothing to sell to you.	100	I have nothing to sell to you.
					You are still very green. But with a little more effort you could turn out to be a somewhat useful traveler. What effort, you ask? Oh my oh my. You must first equip yourself with suitable weapons and armor. Travelers these days are just too miserly when it comes to investing in themselves, you know?									
					I shouldn't be telling you this as a seller, but I'll let you on in a secret. Apparently, you can improve your weapon by using a refinery. Oh my oh my. You don't trust me? Then how about buying something trustworthy from me?									
					They are cheap I tell you, cheap! I have prepared high quality items especially for Swashbucklers, so look at them to your heart's content and even feel free to leave without buying.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
410	<Warrior Trainer> Lou Lien		<Warrior Trainer> Lou Lien	100	I returned from a long journey just a couple days ago, but I'm drawn by the desire to teach my skills. Why don't you hurry and learn from me, so you can take a strong step forward to the broad, wide world?				100	Whoever learns from me will become one of the best. But I have nothing to teach you. You shouldn't be here to learn from me. Go and see the Pardoner.	100	I don't want to teach you.	100	I don't want to teach you.
					It won't be easy to find other trainers as good as me, you know? You made a great choice by coming here. There there. There is no need for you to go elsewhere. Just practice what you learned from me and nothing should give you fear.									
					Ahh. Dear customer. Please ignore that chatterbox Lou Lien. His only joy in life is reveling in self-flattery. Well, it you'd probably be better off buying equipment from him first if you want to learn a few skills from me¡¦¡¦ But it doesn't matter even if you don't!									
					The time of Swashbucklers has arrived. Other classes have had their moments so far, but once you learn all the skills I have to teach, you will find no equal! Don't miss out on this opportunity.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
411	<Warrior Weaponry Merchant> Signian		<Warrior Weaponry Merchant> Signian	100	Don't you know it's rude to just pass Signian by, the top merchant of Laflesia?! It was no coincidence that we met, so why don't you relax, have a cup of tea and take a look at my wares?!				100	I got where I am today by fighting, too. But I didn't kill other people like you did. If you want to hurt others with weapons you buy here, just don't buy them. I'd never forgive you for that....	100	I wouldn't mind if you just passed by, so go!	100	I wouldn't mind if you just passed by, so go!
					This is a very good location. Here is where the travelers from Norine are most likely to stop, you see. I claimed it by beating all competition. I put in all that effort to provide you customers with the best quality wares before anyone else. So feel free to have a look around.									
					Are you equipped with both rapier and dagger? One-handed swords used by other races aren't so bad either, but it must be rapier and dagger for a Swashbuckler! If you find yourself lacking any weapons, please make sure to browse my wares thoroughly!									
					I hear that there is a terrifying mount called Clouder. It would be perfect if you could use a rapier while riding it, so it's a shame that you can't. Still, that doesn't mean you should go unequipped, right? Here here. Feel free to purchase rapiers and daggers from me!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
412	<Warrior Armour Merchant> Gerald		<Warrior Armour Merchant> Gerald	100	Ha ha! A Swashbuckler doesn't need anything else! Armor that securely protects the body will do. So don't hesitate to purchase this!				100	Usually, buying armor here brings you luck. But there's no such luck here for you. I won't stop you buying if you insist. But I'd rather you didn't.	100	Stop it! Don't come any closer.	100	Stop it! Don't come any closer.
					Are you going to place your faith on some things dropped by monsters? It would be much better to buy armor from me instead, even if it costs a little more! I'm saying it's also better than buying something whose origin you know nothing about! So don't be too stingy with your gold!									
					Let me share my luck with you. Buy armor from me and you will never ever lose your life. That's the best luck I can sell. Here here. Buy them now!									
					It might be better to run the business in a bigger city, but here isn't so bad. Travelers like you visit me occasionally and keep me company, you see. Well, as you know, the best presents for us are customers like you!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
413	<Warrior Trainer> Jorfina		<Warrior Trainer> Jorfina	100	Ha! Don't say anything. Are you ready to learn a skill?				100	Just tell me what you need. I don't want to teach you. If you insist, I can teach you, but it won't be cheap.	100	I don't want to teach you.	100	I don't want to teach you.
					I will help you only if you want to learn the skills. If not? Then please go away.									
					The less time I take to teach you the more time I will have for my training, so let's just stick to the essentials. Ha!									
					Looking at you makes me want to go hunt, as well. But I can't. To vanquish the Balror King sleeping in the depth of the Asylum, I must keep on training. Haha! So tell me now if you wish to learn some skills.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
414	<Warrior Weaponry Merchant> Jerman		<Warrior Weaponry Merchant> Jerman	100	Curse me! I was just about to call it a day, but now you're here. What can I do for you?				100	I didn't have enough time to get rid of my stress, and now you come and bother me. What do you want? Tell me what you want and then get out.	100	Ah... How annoying... I don't want to look at you. And I definitely don't want to talk to you, so go away!	100	Ah... How annoying... I don't want to look at you. And I definitely don't want to talk to you, so go away!
					Even though I'm selling goods here like this, my father is an Elder of this city. I have no time to waste here. So tell me quickly if there is anything you want to buy and leave me alone.									
					I don't want for gold. I won't try to con you into buying a cheap weapon just to make some petty cash, so fear not and take a good look around my shop.									
					It's tiresome. Tiresome indeed. But I have no time to play, with business being so brisk. Ahh. I want to play. Oh. Well, I didn't mean I wanted to play with you, so don't misunderstand me and just browse my wares, please.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
415	<Warrior Armour Merchant> Steprion		<Warrior Armour Merchant> Steprion	100	My health has deteriorated much of late. Hehe. I am thinking of going on a trip to heal when I sell off everything in the warehouse. I like this city, but it's just too crowded here and I can't get any rest. There is no need for you to worry, though. I have all sorts of items in my warehouse and I'm sure you will find something that will help you greatly. So what are you looking for?				100	I've been selling items like crazy all day. It's too bad there's still something left for you. Why do I say that? Why, because I don't want you to wear my armor, of course.	100	I wanted to retire once I sold all my goods.... But it seems I can retire before then.	100	I wanted to retire once I sold all my goods.... But it seems I can retire before then.
					Other races are more or less of the same height because their armor is all just heavy. But swiftness is life to Swashbucklers, and their armor is accordingly light and flexible. And don't they look fashionable, as well? So please take your time and choose carefully.									
					Changing into new armor every now and then will go a long way to lift your mood. So please browse carefully. There might just be something here that would lift your spirits, you know?									
					I've been so busy selling items since this morning. There might have been nothing left for you to buy if you came just a little later. So hurry and have a look.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
416	<Warrior Trainer> Arncien		<Warrior Trainer> Arncien	100	These days, no one has the right spirit. And yet so many have the audacity to open a shop calling themselves trainers. I really should clean them all out one day. Dear me. You are not thinking of opening a shop too after learning skills from me, are you? If so, you'd better think twice!				100	Ah! What's wrong with you? It's none of my business, but with that mindset you can't learn skills from me.	100	Get out of my sight!	100	Get out of my sight!
					Swashbuckler is represented by light and speed. It is demeaning to be compared with other classes. You feel so too, eh? So apply yourself to training and become the best!									
					I hear that there are no trainers in a place called Terranoa in Windrill. I am thinking of going there to teach my masterful skills as soon as I learn everything here. Ahh. It excites me just thinking about it. Oh! But I must work diligently for now. Is there anything you want to learn from me?									
					The weather is fine. The wind is light. I feel good. Great. It's perfect. It's the perfect time to teach you a skill or two! Come at me if you wish to challenge, or open your mind if you wish to learn!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
417	<Warrior Weaponry Merchant> Gium		<Warrior Weaponry Merchant> Gium	100	I was quite disappointed, you know? After hearing about this fortress, I thought I could sell a great number of weapons here. A horde of Orcs might come storming here any day, but I soon realized that this is just another border city. Still, I suppose it's something that I got here first and took the best spot before anyone else! And you are my customer!				100	You're one of those violent warriors. If I sold my weapons to you, they wouldn't go rusty. No... they'd be put to work so hard they'd weep. Ah... Should I sell them or not...?	100	I don't sell anything. Go somewhere else.	100	I don't sell anything. Go somewhere else.
					What I need is a spark, yes, a spark. I want to sell weapons in a place where battles are even more furious! I wonder if I could go to foreign cities to sell? Come to think of it, my predecessors won't let me do that. I guess it won't work. Confound it! I'll just sell some stuff here instead. Please have a look around.									
					Do you hear the sound of my weapons calling? They anxious to go, eager to punish enemies on the battlefield! If you understand, please buy them now and let them savor the taste of battle.									
					I can't be wasting time here like this. Darn it. I want to go somewhere soon. To a battlefield where fierce battles are raging! So please hurry and buy my wares so I can save up the money to travel!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
418	<Warrior Armour Merchant> Camian		<Warrior Armour Merchant> Camian	100	Ha ha ha, you must have gone through all sorts of troubles. Look at your armor! Don't you think you should give it a rest? Here, you'll look good with my armor¡¦				100	Your armor is yelling to me that it wants to rest. I can't sell anything new to you. I don't want others getting hurt with my things, of course.	100	Don't buy armor from me!	100	Don't buy armor from me!
					I also want to sell armor to Orcs since it is easy for them to come here as well, but the laws of our race strictly forbid the sale of armor to other races. It's a real shame. I am confident of preparing armor of such quality that they have never worn before. Well, but please don't worry. That doesn't mean that I'm not paying attention to the Swashbuckler armor I have in stock. Kuku.									
					The atmosphere here is the best. It is a place always filled with excitement. And the air is thick with the smell of war. Which means, this is the perfect place for an armor merchant. Haha. So why don't you too enjoy the atmosphere and take a look at my wares.									
					Go forth from here and you won't find any merchants who specialize in selling Swashbuckler armor. So get everything you need here in advance. I'm telling you, you won't be able to buy armor until you reach Terranoa in a far corner of Windrill.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
419	<Warrior Trainer> Heren		<Warrior Trainer> Heren	100	I sense a force of death emanating from you. You are destined to be involved in violence wherever you go. So you must be prepared more than anyone. Right then. It's time you learned the skills from me!				100	You're not ready to learn anything yet. How about you come back after meeting the Pardoner? Then I might be able to teach you something.	100	I don't want to teach someone who's killed so many as you.	100	I don't want to teach someone who's killed so many as you.
					This is place where you could expect Orcs to attack at just about any time. There is a long history of conflict with the Orcs, you see. And many people don't know this, but this fortress once belonged to the Orcs. Oh. Yes. Anyway, seeing how dangerous this place is, you might as well learn some skills.									
					Are you ready? Ready to learn a skill?									
					Many people love gossip, but it would be far better to invest time in one's self rather than chasing clouds. I don't know which way you lean, but since you caught my eye you must learn the skills. Right then. It's time to learn!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
420	<Merchant> Vainton		<Merchant> Vainton	100	Running a business in a dangerous place like this isn't easy. But who's going to do it if not me? Right then. Do have a good look around, as there are many decent items here.				100	People like you are a disgrace to the whole race. If you're done buying, get out of my sight!	100	Get out of my sight!	100	Get out of my sight!
					I think I should teach a lesson to anybody who messes with Orcs, including Humans or MoonElves. Don't you think so?									
					We can fight together like this only because we have Ugdrasil. Let us join our strength to defeat our enemies.									
					For the Orcs! For Ugdrasil!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
421	<Merchant> Losemira		<Merchant> Losemira	100	What, what is that? Are those the enemies? No? Whew. That's a relief. It is be difficult to do business here when the enemies appear. For the protection and victory of the Elementals.				100	Ehm... Who are you? Are you an enemy? Or not? That's good, then... but you don't look like a good person either.	100	¡¦.? You... are the enemy....	100	¡¦.? You... are the enemy....
					What brings you here? Are you here to look at my wares? Then welcome. Come and have a look at this potion. You don't know what could happen if you go to war without any potions. For the protection and victory of the Elementals.									
					Gracia has always worked hard for the good of MoonElves. She is not always at the forefront, of course, but one shouldn't be discontent by that. Her presence is what makes us more powerful than other races. For the protection and victory of the Elementals!									
					Work hard for the good of MoonElves today as well. For the protection and victory of the Elementals.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
422	<Merchant> Lydia		<Merchant> Lydia	100	Hey hey. Have you seen Gian yet? You haven't? He always comes to this fortress around the same time every day. And he defeats all enemies that intrude. Ahh. He is such a sight to behold.				100	I came to work here because I wanted to see Zian, not to meet people like you. If you're done, please leave!	100	I don't have anything to sell to you.	100	I don't have anything to sell to you.
					To tell you the truth, I volunteered to come and sell goods in a place as dangerous as here just to see Gian with my own eyes. Lower my guard even a little and I find myself in danger, but I must still work hard for his glory.									
					Foolish Orcs or undisciplined MoonElves cannot be our match. Most of all, we will not lose since Gian is with us. So pick yourself up and work harder, too.									
					If you want to defeat enemies and get a reward for it, try the Fortune Gate over there instead. You never know, as with your accomplishments you might get something quite wonderful.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-						
423	<Item Trader> Duphrane		<Item Trader> Duphrane	100	Once I was also quite a mercenary, you know. There were times when I cut down enemies like blades of grass, but I've also tasted defeat and ran for my life at times. But now I just run my quiet business here.				100	I like fighting face-to-face, but that's not how you seem to do it. I was quite a harsh mercenary myself, but I never made your mistakes. See the Pardoner before you make any more mistakes.	100	You're a disgrace to the whole race!	100	You're a disgrace to the whole race!
					Watching you chaps fighting makes me want to go out myself and get in the action. But I can't do that of course, as I don't know who can run this business here after me.									
					We must fight if any impudent fools dare to enter this fortress. That is the job of our Orc army.									
					For the Orcs! For Ugdrasil!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
424	<Item Trader> Ayemad		<Item Trader> Ayemad	100	Courage alone isn't enough to work as an item trader in a fortress like this. You also need good combat abilities and stock management skills, which I luckily have. For the victory in the name of the Elementals and MoonElves.				100	This is how you want to live... according to Gracia's Will? Seriously... you're a disgrace to MoonElves! You know why I'm so angry, right?	100	You disgrace Gracia's name!	100	You disgrace Gracia's name!
					Is there any item you need I can get anything except the ones I can't get so tell me what you need. For the victory in the name of the Elementals and MoonElves.									
					Have you ever met Gracia? Her countenance is a single blossom of bright light on this battlefield. And a blessing of the moon. Don't you think so? For the victory in the name of the Elementals and MoonElves.									
					For victory in war. And for the new world. For victory in the name of the Elementals and MoonElves.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
425	<Item Trader> Toton		<Item Trader> Toton	100	Be careful. Out there, enemies can attack us anywhere, anytime.				100	This might be a battlefield, but that doesn't mean I have to trade anything with your kind. We never know when the enemy will come, so I'll trade with you. But I'm embarrassed we're of the same race!	100	Don't disgrace the honor of the Humans!	100	Don't disgrace the honor of the Humans!
					Is there anything you need? Have a look at my wares and see if you can find what you need here.									
					Those aiding with the defense of the fortress have sealed a peace treaty with us. There is no knowing when they will betray us, but as long as Gian is here, such a thing will not happen.									
					For Victory!									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
426	<WC Official> Toto		<WC Official> Toto	100	Welcome. I am Toto, an official for the World Championship talked about so much lately. How about you? Why not have your guild enter the World Championship as well? Be part of such a splendid challenge.				100	Welcome. I am Toto, an official for the World Championship talked about so much lately. How about you? Why not have your guild enter the World Championship as well? Be part of such a splendid challenge.	100	Welcome. I am Toto, an official for the World Championship talked about so much lately. How about you? Why not have your guild enter the World Championship as well? Be part of such a splendid challenge.	100	Welcome. I am Toto, an official for the World Championship talked about so much lately. How about you? Why not have your guild enter the World Championship as well? Be part of such a splendid challenge.
					We officials are actually triplets. Each of us are looking for people to enter the World Championship in the cities of Humans, Orcs, and MoonElves. Why don't you enter as well?					We officials are actually triplets. Each of us are looking for people to enter the World Championship in the cities of Humans, Orcs, and MoonElves. Why don't you enter as well?		We officials are actually triplets. Each of us are looking for people to enter the World Championship in the cities of Humans, Orcs, and MoonElves. Why don't you enter as well?		We officials are actually triplets. Each of us are looking for people to enter the World Championship in the cities of Humans, Orcs, and MoonElves. Why don't you enter as well?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
427	<WC Official> Tata		<WC Official> Tata	100	Welcome. I am Tata, an official for the World Championship talked about so much lately. How about you? Why not have your guild enter the World Championship as well? Be part of such a splendid challenge.				100	Welcome. I am Tata, an official for the World Championship talked about so much lately. How about you? Why not have your guild enter the World Championship as well? Be part of such a splendid challenge.	100	Welcome. I am Tata, an official for the World Championship talked about so much lately. How about you? Why not have your guild enter the World Championship as well? Be part of such a splendid challenge.	100	Welcome. I am Tata, an official for the World Championship talked about so much lately. How about you? Why not have your guild enter the World Championship as well? Be part of such a splendid challenge.
					We officials are actually triplets. Each of us are looking for people to enter the World Championship in the cities of Humans, Orcs, and MoonElves. Why don't you enter as well?					We officials are actually triplets. Each of us are looking for people to enter the World Championship in the cities of Humans, Orcs, and MoonElves. Why don't you enter as well?		We officials are actually triplets. Each of us are looking for people to enter the World Championship in the cities of Humans, Orcs, and MoonElves. Why don't you enter as well?		We officials are actually triplets. Each of us are looking for people to enter the World Championship in the cities of Humans, Orcs, and MoonElves. Why don't you enter as well?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
428	<WC Official> Tutu		<WC Official> Tutu	100	Welcome. I am Tutu, an official for the World Championship talked about so much lately. How about you? Why not have your guild enter the World Championship as well? Be part of such a splendid challenge.				100	Welcome. I am Tutu, an official for the World Championship talked about so much lately. How about you? Why not have your guild enter the World Championship as well? Be part of such a splendid challenge.	100	Welcome. I am Tutu, an official for the World Championship talked about so much lately. How about you? Why not have your guild enter the World Championship as well? Be part of such a splendid challenge.	100	Welcome. I am Tutu, an official for the World Championship talked about so much lately. How about you? Why not have your guild enter the World Championship as well? Be part of such a splendid challenge.
					We officials are actually triplets. Each of us are looking for people to enter the World Championship in the cities of Humans, Orcs, and MoonElves. Why don't you enter as well?					We officials are actually triplets. Each of us are looking for people to enter the World Championship in the cities of Humans, Orcs, and MoonElves. Why don't you enter as well?		We officials are actually triplets. Each of us are looking for people to enter the World Championship in the cities of Humans, Orcs, and MoonElves. Why don't you enter as well?		We officials are actually triplets. Each of us are looking for people to enter the World Championship in the cities of Humans, Orcs, and MoonElves. Why don't you enter as well?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
429	<Front Guard> Singhu		<Front Guard> Singhu	100	Welcome. I am Front Guard Singhu, charged with the duty of defending the village of Sariend. Front Guard is a position for DragonScions willing set a good example for others as well as being ready to sacrifice themselves for the villagers. I am only doing my best to become such a Front Guard myself. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	Welcome. I am Front Guard Singhu, charged with the duty of defending the village of Sariend. Front Guard is a position for DragonScions willing set a good example for others as well as being ready to sacrifice themselves for the villagers. I am only doing my best to become such a Front Guard myself. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	Welcome. I am Front Guard Singhu, charged with the duty of defending the village of Sariend. Front Guard is a position for DragonScions willing set a good example for others as well as being ready to sacrifice themselves for the villagers. I am only doing my best to become such a Front Guard myself. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	Welcome. I am Front Guard Singhu, charged with the duty of defending the village of Sariend. Front Guard is a position for DragonScions willing set a good example for others as well as being ready to sacrifice themselves for the villagers. I am only doing my best to become such a Front Guard myself. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
					Sariend Village is sometimes called the Wind Valley as well. Look at the front of the village and you will see the wind propellers driven by the wind. It's not an exaggeration to say that Sariend is being run by the power of wind. And if you turn your eyes to different parts of the village, diverse stone buildings will grab your attention. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.					Sariend Village is sometimes called the Wind Valley as well. Look at the front of the village and you will see the wind propellers driven by the wind. It's not an exaggeration to say that Sariend is being run by the power of wind. And if you turn your eyes to different parts of the village, diverse stone buildings will grab your attention. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.		Sariend Village is sometimes called the Wind Valley as well. Look at the front of the village and you will see the wind propellers driven by the wind. It's not an exaggeration to say that Sariend is being run by the power of wind. And if you turn your eyes to different parts of the village, diverse stone buildings will grab your attention. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.		Sariend Village is sometimes called the Wind Valley as well. Look at the front of the village and you will see the wind propellers driven by the wind. It's not an exaggeration to say that Sariend is being run by the power of wind. And if you turn your eyes to different parts of the village, diverse stone buildings will grab your attention. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
					Welcome to Sariend. Thank you for taking the trouble of coming all the way here from Cien. I hope your stay is smooth and that you progress in your training. I and many other guards are doing our best to maintain the peace. As a result, many ascetics have came and gone, but not a single unsavory incident has yet to occur inside the village. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.					Welcome to Sariend. Thank you for taking the trouble of coming all the way here from Cien. I hope your stay is smooth and that you progress in your training. I and many other guards are doing our best to maintain the peace. As a result, many ascetics have came and gone, but not a single unsavory incident has yet to occur inside the village. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.		Welcome to Sariend. Thank you for taking the trouble of coming all the way here from Cien. I hope your stay is smooth and that you progress in your training. I and many other guards are doing our best to maintain the peace. As a result, many ascetics have came and gone, but not a single unsavory incident has yet to occur inside the village. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.		Welcome to Sariend. Thank you for taking the trouble of coming all the way here from Cien. I hope your stay is smooth and that you progress in your training. I and many other guards are doing our best to maintain the peace. As a result, many ascetics have came and gone, but not a single unsavory incident has yet to occur inside the village. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
430	<Merchant> Pecoco		<Merchant> Pecoco	100	I am Merchant Pecoco. I sell wares to people in Sariend Village as well the ascetics passing through. I travel to many places to procure various items, but I don't think there is a place where the air and water is as clean and pure as Sariend. Please look around carefully to see if there is anything you need, and show me if you have valuable items that you might like to part with. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	Well... Are all the Ascetics safe? I'll give you items. But please leave our village!	100	I don't have anything that you could buy!	100	I don't have anything that you could buy!
					I have been buying and selling goods for many moons here, but I have yet to see an ascetic who has shown me a decent item. If you happen to have any item of value you have hidden away, then please give me a look. I will buy it off you for a good price. It will be of mutual benefit for both of us. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.									
					From the old days we have had many ascetics staying here for a long time, and we still do now. Thanks to those ascetics, we merchants were able to settle in Sariend, the Wind Valley. You could spot people of other races here and there, but most villagers are DragonScions. After all, over the generations Sariend has been a place where DragonScion ascetics stayed. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
431	<Guild Registrar> Pererian		<Guild Registrar> Pererian	100	I am Guild Registrar Pererian. I am the registrar of the oldest guild on the Chantra continent. DragonScions have little interest in guilds since they already possess great power and the essence of dragons, but with the opening of the gateways to other Elemental Worlds beyond Chantra more and more are joining guilds to protect themselves and all the DragonScions. It's true! May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	I am Guild Registrar Pererian. I am the registrar of the oldest guild on the Chantra continent. DragonScions have little interest in guilds since they already possess great power and the essence of dragons, but with the opening of the gateways to other Elemental Worlds beyond Chantra more and more are joining guilds to protect themselves and all the DragonScions. It's true! May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am Guild Registrar Pererian. I am the registrar of the oldest guild on the Chantra continent. DragonScions have little interest in guilds since they already possess great power and the essence of dragons, but with the opening of the gateways to other Elemental Worlds beyond Chantra more and more are joining guilds to protect themselves and all the DragonScions. It's true! May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am Guild Registrar Pererian. I am the registrar of the oldest guild on the Chantra continent. DragonScions have little interest in guilds since they already possess great power and the essence of dragons, but with the opening of the gateways to other Elemental Worlds beyond Chantra more and more are joining guilds to protect themselves and all the DragonScions. It's true! May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
					There used to be a very famous DragonScion guild. I think its name was Mightthesis¡¦¡¦ Hmm, it was so long ago and my memory is vague. Anyway, the guild had named itself after the ancestor of the DragonScion, and I hear it was responsible for many great deeds, including a major victory against the Orcs. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.					There used to be a very famous DragonScion guild. I think its name was Mightthesis¡¦¡¦ Hmm, it was so long ago and my memory is vague. Anyway, the guild had named itself after the ancestor of the DragonScion, and I hear it was responsible for many great deeds, including a major victory against the Orcs. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.		There used to be a very famous DragonScion guild. I think its name was Mightthesis¡¦¡¦ Hmm, it was so long ago and my memory is vague. Anyway, the guild had named itself after the ancestor of the DragonScion, and I hear it was responsible for many great deeds, including a major victory against the Orcs. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.		There used to be a very famous DragonScion guild. I think its name was Mightthesis¡¦¡¦ Hmm, it was so long ago and my memory is vague. Anyway, the guild had named itself after the ancestor of the DragonScion, and I hear it was responsible for many great deeds, including a major victory against the Orcs. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
					I am encouraging those travelers in training who look beyond Cien to Sariend and Stull to join a guild. Rather than just training alone, try forming a guild with other like-minded ascetics. I will do my best to help you in creating one. So give it a try. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.					I am encouraging those travelers in training who look beyond Cien to Sariend and Stull to join a guild. Rather than just training alone, try forming a guild with other like-minded ascetics. I will do my best to help you in creating one. So give it a try. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.		I am encouraging those travelers in training who look beyond Cien to Sariend and Stull to join a guild. Rather than just training alone, try forming a guild with other like-minded ascetics. I will do my best to help you in creating one. So give it a try. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.		I am encouraging those travelers in training who look beyond Cien to Sariend and Stull to join a guild. Rather than just training alone, try forming a guild with other like-minded ascetics. I will do my best to help you in creating one. So give it a try. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
432	<Safe Keeper> Ordor		<Safe Keeper> Ordor	100	I am Safe Keeper Odor. Many Ascetics seek me out to trust their money and belongings to me. Do you think it's my look that gives them confidence? Hahaha. Anyway, if you have something to keep safe, give it to me. I'll do my best to keep them out of harm's way. May the Great Mightthesis guide you....				100	You might just be an Ascetic passing by here, but I really don't want to keep your items. Even if I don't know your reasons...	100	You don't seem like an Ascetic. I feel uncomfortable, so if you're done, can you please leave?	100	You don't seem like an Ascetic. I feel uncomfortable, so if you're done, can you please leave?
					Thank you for visiting Sariend and coming to see me, the Safe Keeper Odor. This is a crowded town, and you never know what could happen to your belongings! If you have something for safe keeping, give it to me! May the Great Mightthesis guide you....									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-						
433	<Weapons Merchant> Kenselnime		<Weapons Merchant> Kenselnime	100	Oh, oh, I am Weapons Merchant Kenselnime of Sariend Village. I used to be an armorsmith a long time ago. But now I am buying and selling weapons and armor for DragonScions. You may one day get to hear about armor I've made. Oh oh. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	Oho... oho? Ohohohoho... Now that's just... a very unwanted customer. I don't know what happened to you... so I'll help you.	100	Oho! In Mightthesis' name I cannot sell any armor to you. Oho!	100	Oho! In Mightthesis' name I cannot sell any armor to you. Oho!
					You've heard of me? Well, um, I don't know who told you anything, but you're lucky to find me. I stake my reputation on the armors and weapons that you see here, Ascetic. Please, pick one among these. May the guidance of Great Mightthesis be with you......									
					Oh oh, the trade has been brisk of late thanks to the aggressive monsters. Oh oh, good business is nice, but I'm concerned that soon there might be a shortage of weapons and armor in Sariend if this continues. Oh oh. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.									
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-						
434	<Blacksmith> Brune		<Blacksmith> Brune	100	¡¦¡¦I am Blacksmith Brune. Tell me if there is anything you need.				100	What do you want from me?	100	There's nothing I can do for you, so good bye....	100	There's nothing I can do for you, so good bye....
					¡¦¡¦I have never referred to myself as a master. It's just what others call me.									
					¡¦¡¦I need to feel the force of fire and wind. Get away from there.				-	-	-	-	-	-
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
435	<Cook> Aten		<Cook> Aten	100	Sariend is famous as the Wind Valley, but the cooking methods here using the wind are also very famous. They involve manipulating the cooking fire using the wind propellers over there. I'm not yet experienced in manipulating the fire with the wind, though. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	Sariend is famous as the Wind Valley, but the cooking methods here using the wind are also very famous. They involve manipulating the cooking fire using the wind propellers over there. I'm not yet experienced in manipulating the fire with the wind, though. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	Sariend is famous as the Wind Valley, but the cooking methods here using the wind are also very famous. They involve manipulating the cooking fire using the wind propellers over there. I'm not yet experienced in manipulating the fire with the wind, though. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	Sariend is famous as the Wind Valley, but the cooking methods here using the wind are also very famous. They involve manipulating the cooking fire using the wind propellers over there. I'm not yet experienced in manipulating the fire with the wind, though. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
					Excuse me. You look like an ascetic who's passing by here, so why don't you wait for a moment until I cook something for you. Just wait a little and I will cook something exquisite and delicious. Eat my food and it will help with your training. I can guarantee it! May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.					Excuse me. You look like an ascetic who's passing by here, so why don't you wait for a moment until I cook something for you. Just wait a little and I will cook something exquisite and delicious. Eat my food and it will help with your training. I can guarantee it! May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.		Excuse me. You look like an ascetic who's passing by here, so why don't you wait for a moment until I cook something for you. Just wait a little and I will cook something exquisite and delicious. Eat my food and it will help with your training. I can guarantee it! May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.		Excuse me. You look like an ascetic who's passing by here, so why don't you wait for a moment until I cook something for you. Just wait a little and I will cook something exquisite and delicious. Eat my food and it will help with your training. I can guarantee it! May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
					I am called Cook Aten. I still have much to learn. But I'm second to none when it comes to passion about cooking. I have a goal that I must reach, you see. So please come in for a moment and taste what I made! May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.					I am called Cook Aten. I still have much to learn. But I'm second to none when it comes to passion about cooking. I have a goal that I must reach, you see. So please come in for a moment and taste what I made! May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.		I am called Cook Aten. I still have much to learn. But I'm second to none when it comes to passion about cooking. I have a goal that I must reach, you see. So please come in for a moment and taste what I made! May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.		I am called Cook Aten. I still have much to learn. But I'm second to none when it comes to passion about cooking. I have a goal that I must reach, you see. So please come in for a moment and taste what I made! May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
436	<Alchemist> Serad		<Alchemist> Serad	100	Over the generations, the alchemy of the DragonScion has been kept in hidden, but now its secrets are being revealed one by one through the research and experiments of many alchemists and travelers. But for the time invested on studying it, there are still so many secrets yet to be discovered. May the wisdom of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.				100	Over the generations, the alchemy of the DragonScion has been kept in hidden, but now its secrets are being revealed one by one through the research and experiments of many alchemists and travelers. But for the time invested on studying it, there are still so many secrets yet to be discovered. May the wisdom of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.	100	Over the generations, the alchemy of the DragonScion has been kept in hidden, but now its secrets are being revealed one by one through the research and experiments of many alchemists and travelers. But for the time invested on studying it, there are still so many secrets yet to be discovered. May the wisdom of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.	100	Over the generations, the alchemy of the DragonScion has been kept in hidden, but now its secrets are being revealed one by one through the research and experiments of many alchemists and travelers. But for the time invested on studying it, there are still so many secrets yet to be discovered. May the wisdom of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.
					Welcome. I am Alchemist Serad of Sariend. The art of alchemy that we know so far is just but a small fraction of the alchemy of ancient times. It is said that the alchemy of ancient DragonScions was not based on material harmony but on the true spirit and heart. What do you think, Ascetic? May the wisdom of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.					Welcome. I am Alchemist Serad of Sariend. The art of alchemy that we know so far is just but a small fraction of the alchemy of ancient times. It is said that the alchemy of ancient DragonScions was not based on material harmony but on the true spirit and heart. What do you think, Ascetic? May the wisdom of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.		Welcome. I am Alchemist Serad of Sariend. The art of alchemy that we know so far is just but a small fraction of the alchemy of ancient times. It is said that the alchemy of ancient DragonScions was not based on material harmony but on the true spirit and heart. What do you think, Ascetic? May the wisdom of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.		Welcome. I am Alchemist Serad of Sariend. The art of alchemy that we know so far is just but a small fraction of the alchemy of ancient times. It is said that the alchemy of ancient DragonScions was not based on material harmony but on the true spirit and heart. What do you think, Ascetic? May the wisdom of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
437	<Adventurer> Zenbor		<Adventurer> Zenbor	100	Sariend Village is also called the Home of Ascetics. Ride on the wind and fly while chasing its tail, and it is said that eventually you will see Sariend. And for many years, countless ascetics have gained enlightenment at the Wild Bone Temple located to the east of Sariend. Anyway, welcome to this historical village of Sariend. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	Sariend Village is also called the Home of Ascetics. Ride on the wind and fly while chasing its tail, and it is said that eventually you will see Sariend. And for many years, countless ascetics have gained enlightenment at the Wild Bone Temple located to the east of Sariend. Anyway, welcome to this historical village of Sariend. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	Sariend Village is also called the Home of Ascetics. Ride on the wind and fly while chasing its tail, and it is said that eventually you will see Sariend. And for many years, countless ascetics have gained enlightenment at the Wild Bone Temple located to the east of Sariend. Anyway, welcome to this historical village of Sariend. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	Sariend Village is also called the Home of Ascetics. Ride on the wind and fly while chasing its tail, and it is said that eventually you will see Sariend. And for many years, countless ascetics have gained enlightenment at the Wild Bone Temple located to the east of Sariend. Anyway, welcome to this historical village of Sariend. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
438	<Skill Trainer> Gilliwen		<Skill Trainer> Gilliwen	100	The special power of the DragonScion is the ability to undergo evolution by themselves. If you stay here and train for a while, you might learn more about it. But the path of an ascetic is long and difficult, so work hard to cultivate the right mind and heart. It will help you a great deal. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	You're far from the Path of Training, Ascetic.... You weren't able to resist temptation. Go and visit the Pardoner. He'll be able to help you a lot.	100	I don't have anything to teach people like you, who spend their lives standing still and never evolve.	100	I don't have anything to teach people like you, who spend their lives standing still and never evolve.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
439	<Item Trader> Rhihalt		<Item Trader> Rhihalt	100	I am Item Trader Rhihalt. I am very busy since I have so many items to trade, but I like this work and always try my hardest. If you can trust me and leave your items, I will strive to find good owners for them. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	I'll trade because you trusted me and stored that stuff here. But I really don't want to. I'll feel very uneasy doing this as I store your items here, too.	100	I cannot trade with you, so be on your way.	100	I cannot trade with you, so be on your way.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
440	<Pardoner> Nelphist		<Pardoner> Nelphist	100	There are times during training when you fail to suppress the power inside you and act against your will. You must be more severe and strict with yourself when you have such an experience. You must have had such experience by now, seeing how you came to Sariend? To hasten the day you can control your power, I will teach you about the laws of DragonScions. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	There are times during training when you fail to suppress the power inside you and act against your will. You must be more severe and strict with yourself when you have such an experience. You must have had such experience by now, seeing how you came to Sariend? To hasten the day you can control your power, I will teach you about the laws of DragonScions. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	There are times during training when you fail to suppress the power inside you and act against your will. You must be more severe and strict with yourself when you have such an experience. You must have had such experience by now, seeing how you came to Sariend? To hasten the day you can control your power, I will teach you about the laws of DragonScions. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	There are times during training when you fail to suppress the power inside you and act against your will. You must be more severe and strict with yourself when you have such an experience. You must have had such experience by now, seeing how you came to Sariend? To hasten the day you can control your power, I will teach you about the laws of DragonScions. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
441	<Stylist> Melanie		<Stylist> Melanie	100	Did you know? True beauty comes not from a graceful appearance but from a true heart. And if you fail to realize that¡¦¡¦ Will you ever be able to attain what you desire? May the dignity of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.				100	Did you know? True beauty comes not from a graceful appearance but from a true heart. And if you fail to realize that¡¦¡¦ Will you ever be able to attain what you desire? May the dignity of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.	100	Did you know? True beauty comes not from a graceful appearance but from a true heart. And if you fail to realize that¡¦¡¦ Will you ever be able to attain what you desire? May the dignity of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.	100	Did you know? True beauty comes not from a graceful appearance but from a true heart. And if you fail to realize that¡¦¡¦ Will you ever be able to attain what you desire? May the dignity of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
442	<Elder> Shwen		<Elder> Shwen	100	Welcome to the Sariend Village, nestled in the heart of the Wind Valley. Sariend is an ideal place for ascetics. Clear winds blow away the rotten air and allow you to breathe in good energy. That is why many DragonScion ascetics visit Sariend. How about it? Can you feel it too? May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	Welcome to the Sariend Village, nestled in the heart of the Wind Valley. Sariend is an ideal place for ascetics. Clear winds blow away the rotten air and allow you to breathe in good energy. That is why many DragonScion ascetics visit Sariend. How about it? Can you feel it too? May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	Welcome to the Sariend Village, nestled in the heart of the Wind Valley. Sariend is an ideal place for ascetics. Clear winds blow away the rotten air and allow you to breathe in good energy. That is why many DragonScion ascetics visit Sariend. How about it? Can you feel it too? May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	Welcome to the Sariend Village, nestled in the heart of the Wind Valley. Sariend is an ideal place for ascetics. Clear winds blow away the rotten air and allow you to breathe in good energy. That is why many DragonScion ascetics visit Sariend. How about it? Can you feel it too? May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
443	<Front Guard> Cathian		<Front Guard> Cathian	100	I am Cathian, a Front Guard. Here in Sariend, I've ensured the safety of many Ascetics with Singhu for a long time. Well, but nobody recognizes me. You're going to Singhu, aren't you? Singhu, Singhu... Everybody is looking for him. I hate it. May the bravery of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	I am Cathian, a Front Guard. Here in Sariend, I've ensured the safety of many Ascetics with Singhu for a long time. Well, but nobody recognizes me. You're going to Singhu, aren't you? Singhu, Singhu... Everybody is looking for him. I hate it. May the bravery of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am Cathian, a Front Guard. Here in Sariend, I've ensured the safety of many Ascetics with Singhu for a long time. Well, but nobody recognizes me. You're going to Singhu, aren't you? Singhu, Singhu... Everybody is looking for him. I hate it. May the bravery of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am Cathian, a Front Guard. Here in Sariend, I've ensured the safety of many Ascetics with Singhu for a long time. Well, but nobody recognizes me. You're going to Singhu, aren't you? Singhu, Singhu... Everybody is looking for him. I hate it. May the bravery of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
444	<Wandering Warrior> Tenjor		<Wandering Warrior> Tenjor	100	I've wondered around many places, but there is no place I like more than Sariend. Isn't that why you are staying here as well? Or do you have other business here? It looks as if you have something to ask, since you came to see me. Ask away. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	I've wondered around many places, but there is no place I like more than Sariend. Isn't that why you are staying here as well? Or do you have other business here? It looks as if you have something to ask, since you came to see me. Ask away. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	I've wondered around many places, but there is no place I like more than Sariend. Isn't that why you are staying here as well? Or do you have other business here? It looks as if you have something to ask, since you came to see me. Ask away. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	I've wondered around many places, but there is no place I like more than Sariend. Isn't that why you are staying here as well? Or do you have other business here? It looks as if you have something to ask, since you came to see me. Ask away. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
445	<Lungfei Dojo Instructor> Hugo		<Lungfei Dojo Instructor> Hugo	100	I am Hugo, an instructor at Lungfei Dojo. I help ascetics train their body and mind here at Lungfei Dojo. Master Lungfei is temporarily away, so I am managing the dojo in his place. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	I am Hugo, an instructor at Lungfei Dojo. I help ascetics train their body and mind here at Lungfei Dojo. Master Lungfei is temporarily away, so I am managing the dojo in his place. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am Hugo, an instructor at Lungfei Dojo. I help ascetics train their body and mind here at Lungfei Dojo. Master Lungfei is temporarily away, so I am managing the dojo in his place. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am Hugo, an instructor at Lungfei Dojo. I help ascetics train their body and mind here at Lungfei Dojo. Master Lungfei is temporarily away, so I am managing the dojo in his place. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
446	<Elder> Spuknik		<Elder> Spuknik	100	Hello, Ascetic. I am Spuknik, the Elder of Cien. Cien is a village located in the deepest part of Elyscion. But it is also the place where many DragonScion Ascetics visit first. May the Great Mightthesis guide you....				100	Hello, Ascetic. I am Spuknik, the Elder of Cien. Cien is a village located in the deepest part of Elyscion. But it is also the place where many DragonScion Ascetics visit first. May the Great Mightthesis guide you....	100	Hello, Ascetic. I am Spuknik, the Elder of Cien. Cien is a village located in the deepest part of Elyscion. But it is also the place where many DragonScion Ascetics visit first. May the Great Mightthesis guide you....	100	Hello, Ascetic. I am Spuknik, the Elder of Cien. Cien is a village located in the deepest part of Elyscion. But it is also the place where many DragonScion Ascetics visit first. May the Great Mightthesis guide you....
-	-	-	-	-		-	-	-	-		-		-	
447	<Cook> Cultus		<Cook> Cultus	100	Ha ha ha, I am Cook Cultus. In Cien Village, everyone wants to eat my cooking whenever they get hungry or grow tired of ascetic training. That must mean I'm the best cook in Cien. Or, maybe that I'm the best of all DragonScions, or even the best on the entire Chantra continent. May the guidance of the great Mightthesis be with you.				100	Ha ha ha, I am Cook Cultus. In Cien Village, everyone wants to eat my cooking whenever they get hungry or grow tired of ascetic training. That must mean I'm the best cook in Cien. Or, maybe that I'm the best of all DragonScions, or even the best on the entire Chantra continent. May the guidance of the great Mightthesis be with you.	100	Ha ha ha, I am Cook Cultus. In Cien Village, everyone wants to eat my cooking whenever they get hungry or grow tired of ascetic training. That must mean I'm the best cook in Cien. Or, maybe that I'm the best of all DragonScions, or even the best on the entire Chantra continent. May the guidance of the great Mightthesis be with you.	100	Ha ha ha, I am Cook Cultus. In Cien Village, everyone wants to eat my cooking whenever they get hungry or grow tired of ascetic training. That must mean I'm the best cook in Cien. Or, maybe that I'm the best of all DragonScions, or even the best on the entire Chantra continent. May the guidance of the great Mightthesis be with you.
-	-	-	-	-		-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
448	<Blacksmith> Maion		<Blacksmith> Maion	100	I am Blacksmith Maion of Cien Village. Is your training progressing well? I am swamped with work these days, as everyone comes to me for repairs or for forging weapons they need for their training. But of course, if you want I can make you a weapon of the finest quality. May the courage of the Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	I'm very busy with all the items other people entrusted me with. What do you want? Do you want to fix your weapons? If you were a true Ascetic, I'd help you. But I don't really feel like it.	100	I don't really want to help you.	100	I don't really want to help you.
-	-	-	-	-		-	-	-	-		-		-	
449	<Stylist> Raypan		<Stylist> Raypan	100	What brings you here? Hardly anyone visits me in Cien Village since everyone is busy with training and all that. But since you are here, tell me if you have any business. By the way, you know what sort of work I do, right? Hohoho. Then, may the dignity of the Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	What brings you here? Hardly anyone visits me in Cien Village since everyone is busy with training and all that. But since you are here, tell me if you have any business. By the way, you know what sort of work I do, right? Hohoho. Then, may the dignity of the Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	What brings you here? Hardly anyone visits me in Cien Village since everyone is busy with training and all that. But since you are here, tell me if you have any business. By the way, you know what sort of work I do, right? Hohoho. Then, may the dignity of the Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	What brings you here? Hardly anyone visits me in Cien Village since everyone is busy with training and all that. But since you are here, tell me if you have any business. By the way, you know what sort of work I do, right? Hohoho. Then, may the dignity of the Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-		-	-	-	-		-		-	
450	<Ascetic> Wydro		<Ascetic> Wydro	100	Welcome, Ascetic. I am called Wydro. I have stayed to train here in Cien Village for a very long time. Is there anything you want to know about the training? I will do my best to answer you as long as it's within my knowledge. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	Welcome, Ascetic. I am called Wydro. I have stayed to train here in Cien Village for a very long time. Is there anything you want to know about the training? I will do my best to answer you as long as it's within my knowledge. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	Welcome, Ascetic. I am called Wydro. I have stayed to train here in Cien Village for a very long time. Is there anything you want to know about the training? I will do my best to answer you as long as it's within my knowledge. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	Welcome, Ascetic. I am called Wydro. I have stayed to train here in Cien Village for a very long time. Is there anything you want to know about the training? I will do my best to answer you as long as it's within my knowledge. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-		-	-	-	-		-		-	
451	<Animal Breeder> Deltien		<Animal Breeder> Deltien	100	I am Animal Breeder Deltien. You seem curious about the means of travel. It differs greatly for each race. Humans ride Horses, and Orcs tame the Desert Rhinos. And MoonElves have the Leons to use as mounts for them alone. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	I am Animal Breeder Deltien. You seem curious about the means of travel. It differs greatly for each race. Humans ride Horses, and Orcs tame the Desert Rhinos. And MoonElves have the Leons to use as mounts for them alone. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am Animal Breeder Deltien. You seem curious about the means of travel. It differs greatly for each race. Humans ride Horses, and Orcs tame the Desert Rhinos. And MoonElves have the Leons to use as mounts for them alone. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am Animal Breeder Deltien. You seem curious about the means of travel. It differs greatly for each race. Humans ride Horses, and Orcs tame the Desert Rhinos. And MoonElves have the Leons to use as mounts for them alone. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-		-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
452	<Merchant> Lirudo		<Merchant> Lirudo	100	I am Lirudo, the Merchant in Cien. If there is anything you need, just come and see me. I'll find them for you as soon as possible. Life potions, Mana potions, Quickness potions, Light Speed potions, and more... My specialty is brewing potions. Hahaha. May the Great Mightthesis guide you....				100	Ha... haha... An unwanted customer. I'll sell something to you, but since I don't want to, don't expect fair prices. Just buy what you need and leave.	100	I have nothing to sell to you.	100	I have nothing to sell to you.
-	-	-	-	-		-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
453	<Front Guard> Quan		<Front Guard> Quan	100	Nice to meet you. Ascetic. I am Front Guard Quan, charged with the duty of defending the village of Cien. Monsters called Hypolynxes and Grinders often appear near Cien Village, so I and Guard Inyang are always standing guard here watching the front of the village. You should beware as well when you go outside, ascetic, as they are very aggressive and savage. Then take care. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	Nice to meet you. Ascetic. I am Front Guard Quan, charged with the duty of defending the village of Cien. Monsters called Hypolynxes and Grinders often appear near Cien Village, so I and Guard Inyang are always standing guard here watching the front of the village. You should beware as well when you go outside, ascetic, as they are very aggressive and savage. Then take care. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Nice to meet you. Ascetic. I am Front Guard Quan, charged with the duty of defending the village of Cien. Monsters called Hypolynxes and Grinders often appear near Cien Village, so I and Guard Inyang are always standing guard here watching the front of the village. You should beware as well when you go outside, ascetic, as they are very aggressive and savage. Then take care. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Nice to meet you. Ascetic. I am Front Guard Quan, charged with the duty of defending the village of Cien. Monsters called Hypolynxes and Grinders often appear near Cien Village, so I and Guard Inyang are always standing guard here watching the front of the village. You should beware as well when you go outside, ascetic, as they are very aggressive and savage. Then take care. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-		-	-	-	-		-		-	
454	<Adventurer> Udo		<Adventurer> Udo	100	I am called Adventurer Udo. There are many novice ascetics in Cien Village, so whenever you go outside to practice you must be on guard for those that prey on DragonScions. But never fear. From now on I will teach you everything you need to know about your training. Will you hear it, then? May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	I am called Adventurer Udo. There are many novice ascetics in Cien Village, so whenever you go outside to practice you must be on guard for those that prey on DragonScions. But never fear. From now on I will teach you everything you need to know about your training. Will you hear it, then? May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am called Adventurer Udo. There are many novice ascetics in Cien Village, so whenever you go outside to practice you must be on guard for those that prey on DragonScions. But never fear. From now on I will teach you everything you need to know about your training. Will you hear it, then? May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am called Adventurer Udo. There are many novice ascetics in Cien Village, so whenever you go outside to practice you must be on guard for those that prey on DragonScions. But never fear. From now on I will teach you everything you need to know about your training. Will you hear it, then? May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-		-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
455	<Safe Keeper> Ferinel		<Safe Keeper> Ferinel	100	Hello. I am Safe Keeper Ferinel. Most ascetics staying and training in Cien Village have given their items to me for safekeeping. Most are Reinforcement potions and Elemental Stones for reinforcing, plus unique weapons and armor. Do you have any items for safekeeping as well, Ascetic?? May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	Are you an Ascetic as well? You're not here to store items, are you? Your items... I really don't want to store them.	100	Do you want something? If not, please leave our village.	100	Do you want something? If not, please leave our village.
-	-	-	-	-		-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
456	<Skill Trainer> Joakis		<Skill Trainer> Joakis	100	¡¦¡¦Skill Trainer Joakis, I am. Which skill do you wish to learn? But remember, true strength resides within your heart. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	You seem to believe in your strength. Confidence can easily turn to arrogance. Shouldn't you visit the Pardoner instead of me and ask for help?	100	I can only tell you to go and visit the Pardoner.	100	I can only tell you to go and visit the Pardoner.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
457	<Item Trader> Chentian		<Item Trader> Chentian	100	I've receiving a lot of trade requests for DragonScion items lately. Oh, I haven't introduced myself yet. I am Chentian, an item trader in Cien Village. Everyone trusts me and leave their items with me to trade. So I've been doing very good business. Which items do you need, Ascetic? May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	Everyone trusts me and stores their things here. But I don't want yours.	100	?... Do you want anything from me?	100	?... Do you want anything from me?
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
458	<Alchemist> Van		<Alchemist> Van	100	I am Alchemist Van. I'm not quite pleased to see you, though. Don't tell me you are here because of my reputation. You'll be disappointed if you have come to learn alchemy. I hate doing anything bothersome. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	I am Alchemist Van. I'm not quite pleased to see you, though. Don't tell me you are here because of my reputation. You'll be disappointed if you have come to learn alchemy. I hate doing anything bothersome. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am Alchemist Van. I'm not quite pleased to see you, though. Don't tell me you are here because of my reputation. You'll be disappointed if you have come to learn alchemy. I hate doing anything bothersome. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am Alchemist Van. I'm not quite pleased to see you, though. Don't tell me you are here because of my reputation. You'll be disappointed if you have come to learn alchemy. I hate doing anything bothersome. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
459	<Weapons Merchant> Clyff		<Weapons Merchant> Clyff	100	I am Weapons Merchant Clyff, dealing in armor and weapons. Here in the Cien Village we sell basic weaponry that helps with training. Look for a weapon that will suit you best. But, refrain from choosing a weapon beyond your skills. I can't stand greenhorns who don't know their place. I hope that you will be guided by the Great Mightthesis.				100	I can only say you're still a rookie. Are you angry when I say that? Then go and visit the Pardoner.	100	I don't want to sell anything to a greenhorn like you.	100	I don't want to sell anything to a greenhorn like you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
460	<Citizen> Izen		<Citizen> Izen	100	Ehehe. Nice to see you, Ascetic. There are many ascetics in Cien who have only just begun training. And you are one of them yourself. Do you know? DragonScion ascetics who have attained a certain level can evolve into a shape they desire. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	Ehehe. Nice to see you, Ascetic. There are many ascetics in Cien who have only just begun training. And you are one of them yourself. Do you know? DragonScion ascetics who have attained a certain level can evolve into a shape they desire. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	Ehehe. Nice to see you, Ascetic. There are many ascetics in Cien who have only just begun training. And you are one of them yourself. Do you know? DragonScion ascetics who have attained a certain level can evolve into a shape they desire. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	Ehehe. Nice to see you, Ascetic. There are many ascetics in Cien who have only just begun training. And you are one of them yourself. Do you know? DragonScion ascetics who have attained a certain level can evolve into a shape they desire. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
461	<Front Guard> Inyang		<Front Guard> Inyang	100	Welcome. I am Front Guard Inyang, charged with the duty of defending the village of Cien. As a Front Guard, I have the honor of representing all ordinary guards. Not anyone can rise to such a position. I must say that it is beyond the ability of ordinary ascetics such as yourself to be a Front Guard. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	Welcome. I am Front Guard Inyang, charged with the duty of defending the village of Cien. As a Front Guard, I have the honor of representing all ordinary guards. Not anyone can rise to such a position. I must say that it is beyond the ability of ordinary ascetics such as yourself to be a Front Guard. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	Welcome. I am Front Guard Inyang, charged with the duty of defending the village of Cien. As a Front Guard, I have the honor of representing all ordinary guards. Not anyone can rise to such a position. I must say that it is beyond the ability of ordinary ascetics such as yourself to be a Front Guard. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	Welcome. I am Front Guard Inyang, charged with the duty of defending the village of Cien. As a Front Guard, I have the honor of representing all ordinary guards. Not anyone can rise to such a position. I must say that it is beyond the ability of ordinary ascetics such as yourself to be a Front Guard. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
462	<Cook> O'Conner		<Cook> O'Conner	100	I am called Cook O'Conner of Stull Village. I'm basically in charge of all cooking in this big village of Stull¡¦¡¦ Hahahaha! You look like you have traveled many places while training, but I advise you to forget what you've eaten before. I'll soon give you a chance to indulge in the most delicious of all DragonScion cuisine! May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	I am called Cook O'Conner of Stull Village. I'm basically in charge of all cooking in this big village of Stull¡¦¡¦ Hahahaha! You look like you have traveled many places while training, but I advise you to forget what you've eaten before. I'll soon give you a chance to indulge in the most delicious of all DragonScion cuisine! May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am called Cook O'Conner of Stull Village. I'm basically in charge of all cooking in this big village of Stull¡¦¡¦ Hahahaha! You look like you have traveled many places while training, but I advise you to forget what you've eaten before. I'll soon give you a chance to indulge in the most delicious of all DragonScion cuisine! May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am called Cook O'Conner of Stull Village. I'm basically in charge of all cooking in this big village of Stull¡¦¡¦ Hahahaha! You look like you have traveled many places while training, but I advise you to forget what you've eaten before. I'll soon give you a chance to indulge in the most delicious of all DragonScion cuisine! May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
463	<Blacksmith> Khan		<Blacksmith> Khan	100	There are so many people coming in today and I need to get an assistant as soon as possible¡¦¡¦. Oh my, I am sorry, I didn't know there was a customer here and I was talking to myself¡¦¡¦. Hohum, so why have you come to me? I have a large backlog of reinforcement jobs, but if it's about repairing armor or weapons I can do it quickly enough. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	I'm busy working here all alone, and now a customer like this. You're here to fix a weapon? Hand it over.... I'll give it a quick once over.... Please leave at once.	100	You're not leaving? Get out of my sight!	100	You're not leaving? Get out of my sight!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
464	<Item Trader> Taoming		<Item Trader> Taoming	100	I am Taoming, I can boast the biggest trade volume among all DragonScion item traders. I'm not trying to brag, but many ascetics buy and sell goods through me and they have all been satisfied. Why don't you trust me and leave some items as well, Ascetic? May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	I trade lots of items, but I'm worried about helping you out with yours. You don't know what I'm saying? Trading your items would make me feel like I was dealing stolen goods. You're aware of that, aren't you?	100	I don't trade dangerous goods.	100	I don't trade dangerous goods.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
465	<Weapons Merchant> Felk		<Weapons Merchant> Felk	100	Welcome. Here we deal in weapons that are a class above those sold in the villages of Cien and Sariend. Of course, the prices might be a tad higher than other villages, but I can vouch for their quality. Don't you think what we have here is superior as well? Do have a look. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	Welcome. Here we deal in weapons that are a class above those sold in the villages of Cien and Sariend. Of course, the prices might be a tad higher than other villages, but I can vouch for their quality. Don't you think what we have here is superior as well? Do have a look. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Welcome. Here we deal in weapons that are a class above those sold in the villages of Cien and Sariend. Of course, the prices might be a tad higher than other villages, but I can vouch for their quality. Don't you think what we have here is superior as well? Do have a look. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Welcome. Here we deal in weapons that are a class above those sold in the villages of Cien and Sariend. Of course, the prices might be a tad higher than other villages, but I can vouch for their quality. Don't you think what we have here is superior as well? Do have a look. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
466	<Merchant> Guwenfield		<Merchant> Guwenfield	100	Look at the size of our store. Don't you think it's bigger and better than any other shops you've seen so far? Well, it's true that you can't judge a store by its appearance.... But even at a glance, you can tell that we have a wider range of goods and higher quality items than the stores of other villages. Ehem, ehem. May the Great Mightthesis guide you....				100	Oh... Oh no... It's not good for my stores reputation if you're here. You look like you have money, so I'll sell but... please get out as soon as you're done!	100	Don't ruin my store's reputation. Just go!	100	Don't ruin my store's reputation. Just go!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
467	<Front Guard> Hjullan		<Front Guard> Hjullan	100	Did you know that many ascetics and guards sacrificed their lives to defend Stull? A long time ago, the Orc army betrayed us and in an invasion, massacred countless DragonScion ancestors. Since then, Stull changed to become tougher, and the residents are also putting in a lot of effort to defend against any foreign invasion. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	Did you know that many ascetics and guards sacrificed their lives to defend Stull? A long time ago, the Orc army betrayed us and in an invasion, massacred countless DragonScion ancestors. Since then, Stull changed to become tougher, and the residents are also putting in a lot of effort to defend against any foreign invasion. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Did you know that many ascetics and guards sacrificed their lives to defend Stull? A long time ago, the Orc army betrayed us and in an invasion, massacred countless DragonScion ancestors. Since then, Stull changed to become tougher, and the residents are also putting in a lot of effort to defend against any foreign invasion. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Did you know that many ascetics and guards sacrificed their lives to defend Stull? A long time ago, the Orc army betrayed us and in an invasion, massacred countless DragonScion ancestors. Since then, Stull changed to become tougher, and the residents are also putting in a lot of effort to defend against any foreign invasion. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
468	<Skill Trainer> Ilios		<Skill Trainer> Ilios	100	It seems you already have mastered many skills and abilities of DragonScions. But I, Ilios, can strengthen your skills and abilities even more. After getting trained by me you will feel that your abilities have improved significantly. Right, shall we get started then?! May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	You're using your skills and talents for evil, Ascetic. I can train you.... But you should go and see the Pardoner first.	100	I'm not the one you need.... You need the Pardoner.	100	I'm not the one you need.... You need the Pardoner.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
469	<Safe Keeper> Sharad		<Safe Keeper> Sharad	100	I am Safe Keeper Sharad of Stull. I have the biggest safe in this huge city. Stull is the biggest city of the DragonScion, so a safe of this size is a must. So don't worry about a thing and leave things with me whenever and however much you like. My safe is still not even half full, you see. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	This is the largest DragonScion village. Scum like you is easy to meet. Well, people like you might also need storage. But I really don't want to help.	100	If you're here to store things, do it quickly and leave. Well... If you know how to use storage...	100	If you're here to store things, do it quickly and leave. Well... If you know how to use storage...
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
470	<Alchemist> Huen		<Alchemist> Huen	100	Greetings. I am Alchemist Huen of Stull. It's been so long since I have met an Ascetic as full of essence as yourself. It's a great boon to all DragonScions. Right then, what can I help you with? This might be the most worthwhile thing I could do in the twilight of my life. Let me show you the quintessence of alchemy. May the wisdom of Mightthesis be with you always....				100	Greetings. I am Alchemist Huen of Stull. It's been so long since I have met an Ascetic as full of essence as yourself. It's a great boon to all DragonScions. Right then, what can I help you with? This might be the most worthwhile thing I could do in the twilight of my life. Let me show you the quintessence of alchemy. May the wisdom of Mightthesis be with you always....	100	Greetings. I am Alchemist Huen of Stull. It's been so long since I have met an Ascetic as full of essence as yourself. It's a great boon to all DragonScions. Right then, what can I help you with? This might be the most worthwhile thing I could do in the twilight of my life. Let me show you the quintessence of alchemy. May the wisdom of Mightthesis be with you always....	100	Greetings. I am Alchemist Huen of Stull. It's been so long since I have met an Ascetic as full of essence as yourself. It's a great boon to all DragonScions. Right then, what can I help you with? This might be the most worthwhile thing I could do in the twilight of my life. Let me show you the quintessence of alchemy. May the wisdom of Mightthesis be with you always....
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
471	<Stylist> Asylla		<Stylist> Asylla	100	Unlike other villages where the main purpose is training, Stull has many people conscious of their appearance. In particular, the traditional fashion exclusive to DragonScions is currently all the rage with foreign travelers. How about it? You should also remove that foul-smelling armor for a while and try something stylish. And I happen to have something that will suit you perfectly. Hoho. May the dignity of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.				100	Unlike other villages where the main purpose is training, Stull has many people conscious of their appearance. In particular, the traditional fashion exclusive to DragonScions is currently all the rage with foreign travelers. How about it? You should also remove that foul-smelling armor for a while and try something stylish. And I happen to have something that will suit you perfectly. Hoho. May the dignity of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.	100	Unlike other villages where the main purpose is training, Stull has many people conscious of their appearance. In particular, the traditional fashion exclusive to DragonScions is currently all the rage with foreign travelers. How about it? You should also remove that foul-smelling armor for a while and try something stylish. And I happen to have something that will suit you perfectly. Hoho. May the dignity of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.	100	Unlike other villages where the main purpose is training, Stull has many people conscious of their appearance. In particular, the traditional fashion exclusive to DragonScions is currently all the rage with foreign travelers. How about it? You should also remove that foul-smelling armor for a while and try something stylish. And I happen to have something that will suit you perfectly. Hoho. May the dignity of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
472	<Adventurer> Julino		<Adventurer> Julino	100	Hello. I am Adventurer Julino, the renowned DragonScion adventurer. Sure. I'm a famous adventurer and there's no place on the Chantra Continent I haven't visited yet. Sorry? Do I know Udo or Zenbor? Should, should I? Please don't compare me with such clumsy travelers. And don't you think I would buy the travel diaries written by Udo or Zenbor to read them, either. Hahaha. May the will of Mightthesis be with you....				100	Hello. I am Adventurer Julino, the renowned DragonScion adventurer. Sure. I'm a famous adventurer and there's no place on the Chantra Continent I haven't visited yet. Sorry? Do I know Udo or Zenbor? Should, should I? Please don't compare me with such clumsy travelers. And don't you think I would buy the travel diaries written by Udo or Zenbor to read them, either. Hahaha. May the will of Mightthesis be with you....	100	Hello. I am Adventurer Julino, the renowned DragonScion adventurer. Sure. I'm a famous adventurer and there's no place on the Chantra Continent I haven't visited yet. Sorry? Do I know Udo or Zenbor? Should, should I? Please don't compare me with such clumsy travelers. And don't you think I would buy the travel diaries written by Udo or Zenbor to read them, either. Hahaha. May the will of Mightthesis be with you....	100	Hello. I am Adventurer Julino, the renowned DragonScion adventurer. Sure. I'm a famous adventurer and there's no place on the Chantra Continent I haven't visited yet. Sorry? Do I know Udo or Zenbor? Should, should I? Please don't compare me with such clumsy travelers. And don't you think I would buy the travel diaries written by Udo or Zenbor to read them, either. Hahaha. May the will of Mightthesis be with you....
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
473	<Pardoner> Yangyan		<Pardoner> Yangyan	100	It is rare that a DragonScion who emphasizes such discipline of body and mind breaks the law. But it is different with foreign travelers. Stull is a particularly bustling place with much intermingling. And so there are many accidents, as well. With me, troublemakers see the stern side of the law. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	It is rare that a DragonScion who emphasizes such discipline of body and mind breaks the law. But it is different with foreign travelers. Stull is a particularly bustling place with much intermingling. And so there are many accidents, as well. With me, troublemakers see the stern side of the law. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	It is rare that a DragonScion who emphasizes such discipline of body and mind breaks the law. But it is different with foreign travelers. Stull is a particularly bustling place with much intermingling. And so there are many accidents, as well. With me, troublemakers see the stern side of the law. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	It is rare that a DragonScion who emphasizes such discipline of body and mind breaks the law. But it is different with foreign travelers. Stull is a particularly bustling place with much intermingling. And so there are many accidents, as well. With me, troublemakers see the stern side of the law. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
474	<Front Guard> Bhelps		<Front Guard> Bhelps	100	Do you know how craven that Orcish race is? A long time ago, they feared the might of the DragonScions and feigned friendship while plotting the destruction of Stull. We still haven't forgotten such a dastardly act. Beware Orcs during your travels. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	Do you know how craven that Orcish race is? A long time ago, they feared the might of the DragonScions and feigned friendship while plotting the destruction of Stull. We still haven't forgotten such a dastardly act. Beware Orcs during your travels. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Do you know how craven that Orcish race is? A long time ago, they feared the might of the DragonScions and feigned friendship while plotting the destruction of Stull. We still haven't forgotten such a dastardly act. Beware Orcs during your travels. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Do you know how craven that Orcish race is? A long time ago, they feared the might of the DragonScions and feigned friendship while plotting the destruction of Stull. We still haven't forgotten such a dastardly act. Beware Orcs during your travels. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
475	<Elder> Shioren		<Elder> Shioren	100	Welcome to Stull. Oh Ascetic of the great DragonScions. Stull is the first city built by DragonScions after they settled on the Chantra continent. It boasts a long history and an immense size. The Humans aided us when we built it, so we still maintain a good relationship with them. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	Welcome to Stull. Oh Ascetic of the great DragonScions. Stull is the first city built by DragonScions after they settled on the Chantra continent. It boasts a long history and an immense size. The Humans aided us when we built it, so we still maintain a good relationship with them. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	Welcome to Stull. Oh Ascetic of the great DragonScions. Stull is the first city built by DragonScions after they settled on the Chantra continent. It boasts a long history and an immense size. The Humans aided us when we built it, so we still maintain a good relationship with them. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.	100	Welcome to Stull. Oh Ascetic of the great DragonScions. Stull is the first city built by DragonScions after they settled on the Chantra continent. It boasts a long history and an immense size. The Humans aided us when we built it, so we still maintain a good relationship with them. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
476	<Guild Registrar> Ranfaonille		<Guild Registrar> Ranfaonille	100	I've heard that a Senior Council will convene. Have you heard of it? A Senior Council is called whenever the whole DragonScion race is in danger, as when the Orcs attacked before. Maybe I go too far, but I think it's time for us to show the power of the Guild. We've better to quick to recruit many members. May the will of Mightthesis be with you...				100	I've heard that a Senior Council will convene. Have you heard of it? A Senior Council is called whenever the whole DragonScion race is in danger, as when the Orcs attacked before. Maybe I go too far, but I think it's time for us to show the power of the Guild. We've better to quick to recruit many members. May the will of Mightthesis be with you...	100	I've heard that a Senior Council will convene. Have you heard of it? A Senior Council is called whenever the whole DragonScion race is in danger, as when the Orcs attacked before. Maybe I go too far, but I think it's time for us to show the power of the Guild. We've better to quick to recruit many members. May the will of Mightthesis be with you...	100	I've heard that a Senior Council will convene. Have you heard of it? A Senior Council is called whenever the whole DragonScion race is in danger, as when the Orcs attacked before. Maybe I go too far, but I think it's time for us to show the power of the Guild. We've better to quick to recruit many members. May the will of Mightthesis be with you...
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
477	<Elder> Rentao		<Elder> Rentao	100	Halien once prospered just like Stull. Ever since Dikain took the Archon kept there, however, the village has been in decline. It's a real pity. It's terrifying to hear that Dikain might reveal himself again. I won't lie, it frightens me. May the guidance of Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	Halien once prospered just like Stull. Ever since Dikain took the Archon kept there, however, the village has been in decline. It's a real pity. It's terrifying to hear that Dikain might reveal himself again. I won't lie, it frightens me. May the guidance of Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Halien once prospered just like Stull. Ever since Dikain took the Archon kept there, however, the village has been in decline. It's a real pity. It's terrifying to hear that Dikain might reveal himself again. I won't lie, it frightens me. May the guidance of Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Halien once prospered just like Stull. Ever since Dikain took the Archon kept there, however, the village has been in decline. It's a real pity. It's terrifying to hear that Dikain might reveal himself again. I won't lie, it frightens me. May the guidance of Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
478	<Cook> Schtrager		<Cook> Schtrager	100	By the time you pass by Halien, you won't be able to eat any food from the DragonScion. As you know from your traveling experience, you will suddenly miss the taste of your hometown. So, enjoy the food when you can. Of course, you should pay for the food in advance. May the glory of Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	By the time you pass by Halien, you won't be able to eat any food from the DragonScion. As you know from your traveling experience, you will suddenly miss the taste of your hometown. So, enjoy the food when you can. Of course, you should pay for the food in advance. May the glory of Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	By the time you pass by Halien, you won't be able to eat any food from the DragonScion. As you know from your traveling experience, you will suddenly miss the taste of your hometown. So, enjoy the food when you can. Of course, you should pay for the food in advance. May the glory of Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	By the time you pass by Halien, you won't be able to eat any food from the DragonScion. As you know from your traveling experience, you will suddenly miss the taste of your hometown. So, enjoy the food when you can. Of course, you should pay for the food in advance. May the glory of Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
479	<Blacksmith> Draco		<Blacksmith> Draco	100	I know about Blacksmith Brune of Sariend better than anyone. This despite the fact that I have never even met him. Hahaha. How? I am also a blacksmith who is referred to as a master. We are stimulated by the works forged by each other, and it spurs the both of us on to give our best to make even better weapons. That is how we converse. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	If you're here for weapons or armor I can help you. But it looks like you hurt a lot of people. How about meeting the Pardoner and getting some help?	100	I don't want to talk to you.	100	I don't want to talk to you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
480	<Merchant> Lanmei		<Merchant> Lanmei	100	The monsters around Halien are extremely dangerous. You must be awake and alert during combat. You, Ascetic, should be fully prepared before venturing forth. You can purchase any items that you need. As the old saying goes, success is where preparation and opportunity meet. May the Great Mightthesis guide you....				100	It's good to prepare thoroughly.... But I'm not too happy that you do it.... Go to the Pardoner to get your sins taken care of!	100	¡¦	100	¡¦
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
481	<Adventurer> Jirdine		<Adventurer> Jirdine	100	You will soon be leaving the land of DragonScion behind for the wide expanse of the Chantra continent, Ascetic. As an adventurer, I will give you an advice. Wherever you go, whatever situation you might find yourself in, never forget your pride as one of the great DragonScions. Maintain that attitude and you will be able to surmount any perilous situation. May the glory of the Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	You will soon be leaving the land of DragonScion behind for the wide expanse of the Chantra continent, Ascetic. As an adventurer, I will give you an advice. Wherever you go, whatever situation you might find yourself in, never forget your pride as one of the great DragonScions. Maintain that attitude and you will be able to surmount any perilous situation. May the glory of the Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	You will soon be leaving the land of DragonScion behind for the wide expanse of the Chantra continent, Ascetic. As an adventurer, I will give you an advice. Wherever you go, whatever situation you might find yourself in, never forget your pride as one of the great DragonScions. Maintain that attitude and you will be able to surmount any perilous situation. May the glory of the Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	You will soon be leaving the land of DragonScion behind for the wide expanse of the Chantra continent, Ascetic. As an adventurer, I will give you an advice. Wherever you go, whatever situation you might find yourself in, never forget your pride as one of the great DragonScions. Maintain that attitude and you will be able to surmount any perilous situation. May the glory of the Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
482	<Skill Trainer> Chengai		<Skill Trainer> Chengai	100	It is said that the monk Dikain who protected Holy Bolfir in the past had mastered every skill of the DragonScion. If the rumor I heard is true and you really intend to confront him, then, Ascetic, I'm afraid that your current skills and confidence are nowhere near enough. Please discard this foolish arrogance immediately, and feel once again the true heart that you had when you first began your training. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	Your foolish pride turned you into what you've become. Hurry and see the Pardoner to turn your mind back to when you first set out to become an Ascetic.	100	I'm worried you might end up just like that vile Dikain. I can't teach you.	100	I'm worried you might end up just like that vile Dikain. I can't teach you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
483	<Item Trader> Trion		<Item Trader> Trion	100	Halien may have lost its former glory, but the village still faithfully plays its role as a gateway from the land of DragonScion out to the Chantra continent. Moreover, other races also enter the land of DragonScion through here. This isn't such a bad village to stay for an item trader. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	A lot of people come here, traveling the continent of Chantra. You didn't do any misdeeds here in this place, did you?	100	I can't trade anything with a vile person like you.	100	I can't trade anything with a vile person like you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
484	<Alchemist> Rocil		<Alchemist> Rocil	100	Welcome. Ascetic. I am an alchemist who used to study the Archons in Halien. I hope you know about the Archons. Archons are magical crystals that contain the vast power of the Mother Nature. When Dikain, that Betrayer of our race disappeared with Holy Bolfir that the Archons were hidden with, my research also came to an end. But I'm still waiting for the day when Bolfir returns to Halien. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	Welcome. Ascetic. I am an alchemist who used to study the Archons in Halien. I hope you know about the Archons. Archons are magical crystals that contain the vast power of the Mother Nature. When Dikain, that Betrayer of our race disappeared with Holy Bolfir that the Archons were hidden with, my research also came to an end. But I'm still waiting for the day when Bolfir returns to Halien. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Welcome. Ascetic. I am an alchemist who used to study the Archons in Halien. I hope you know about the Archons. Archons are magical crystals that contain the vast power of the Mother Nature. When Dikain, that Betrayer of our race disappeared with Holy Bolfir that the Archons were hidden with, my research also came to an end. But I'm still waiting for the day when Bolfir returns to Halien. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Welcome. Ascetic. I am an alchemist who used to study the Archons in Halien. I hope you know about the Archons. Archons are magical crystals that contain the vast power of the Mother Nature. When Dikain, that Betrayer of our race disappeared with Holy Bolfir that the Archons were hidden with, my research also came to an end. But I'm still waiting for the day when Bolfir returns to Halien. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
485	<Weapons Merchant> Henken		<Weapons Merchant> Henken	100	Blacksmith Draco is one of the masters of the DragonScion, and I am one of his intimate friends. Most items that I sell are made by Draco. Well, take a look, Ascetic. Impressive, aren't they? Hey, why don't you buy one before they are sold out? May the glory of Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	Hmm... I know that my goods are of good quality but... I don't really want to sell them to you, Ascetic. Just take a look around.	100	I'm all out of that item.	100	I'm all out of that item.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
486	<Pardoner> Zionin		<Pardoner> Zionin	100	My life's regret is that I did not chase Dikain in the end to kill him. He had betrayed his own race, and if he hadn't vanished into the Blue River, Holy Bolfir would never have disappeared from Halien. If I have another chance like that, I will chase him even to the end of Chantra herself. May the will of Mightthesis be with you...				100	My life's regret is that I did not chase Dikain in the end to kill him. He had betrayed his own race, and if he hadn't vanished into the Blue River, Holy Bolfir would never have disappeared from Halien. If I have another chance like that, I will chase him even to the end of Chantra herself. May the will of Mightthesis be with you...	100	My life's regret is that I did not chase Dikain in the end to kill him. He had betrayed his own race, and if he hadn't vanished into the Blue River, Holy Bolfir would never have disappeared from Halien. If I have another chance like that, I will chase him even to the end of Chantra herself. May the will of Mightthesis be with you...	100	My life's regret is that I did not chase Dikain in the end to kill him. He had betrayed his own race, and if he hadn't vanished into the Blue River, Holy Bolfir would never have disappeared from Halien. If I have another chance like that, I will chase him even to the end of Chantra herself. May the will of Mightthesis be with you...
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
487	<Front Guard> Teirong		<Front Guard> Teirong	100	Halien is a barrier village to the land of the DragonScion. We cannot neglect our defenses, and we must be even more vigilant when things are out of order. May the glory of Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	Halien is a barrier village to the land of the DragonScion. We cannot neglect our defenses, and we must be even more vigilant when things are out of order. May the glory of Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Halien is a barrier village to the land of the DragonScion. We cannot neglect our defenses, and we must be even more vigilant when things are out of order. May the glory of Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Halien is a barrier village to the land of the DragonScion. We cannot neglect our defenses, and we must be even more vigilant when things are out of order. May the glory of Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
488	<Front Guard> Nataq		<Front Guard> Nataq	100	Halien is a village with many wounds. It was the same then. I don't know how many were killed by Dikain, the betrayer. ¡¦¡¦I myself will kill Dikain no matter what. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	Halien is a village with many wounds. It was the same then. I don't know how many were killed by Dikain, the betrayer. ¡¦¡¦I myself will kill Dikain no matter what. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Halien is a village with many wounds. It was the same then. I don't know how many were killed by Dikain, the betrayer. ¡¦¡¦I myself will kill Dikain no matter what. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Halien is a village with many wounds. It was the same then. I don't know how many were killed by Dikain, the betrayer. ¡¦¡¦I myself will kill Dikain no matter what. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
489	<Skill Trainer> Laozen		<Skill Trainer> Laozen	100	I am Skill Trainer Laozen of Tonfa. Have you experienced evolution yet, Ascetic? If you have, then I have many new skills to teach you. But to learn them you will have to put more effort than ever before. However, I assure you that you will become that much stronger, Ascetic. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	I am Skill Trainer Laozen of Tonfa. Have you experienced evolution yet, Ascetic? If you have, then I have many new skills to teach you. But to learn them you will have to put more effort than ever before. However, I assure you that you will become that much stronger, Ascetic. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am Skill Trainer Laozen of Tonfa. Have you experienced evolution yet, Ascetic? If you have, then I have many new skills to teach you. But to learn them you will have to put more effort than ever before. However, I assure you that you will become that much stronger, Ascetic. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am Skill Trainer Laozen of Tonfa. Have you experienced evolution yet, Ascetic? If you have, then I have many new skills to teach you. But to learn them you will have to put more effort than ever before. However, I assure you that you will become that much stronger, Ascetic. May the will of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
490	<Safe Keeper> Bendol		<Safe Keeper> Bendol	100	Even in a village as small as Ranfa there is a Safe Keeper. I am Safe Keeper Bendol of Ranfa. Please visit me any time when you need to store or retrieve items, Ascetic. May the Great Mightthesis guide you....				100	I don't know why you came to a small village like this. Ah... You want to store items? Well... I guess I have to take them.... I'd rather not see you again.	100	It would be nice if you take your items and leave this village. This village's peace is at stake because of you.	100	It would be nice if you take your items and leave this village. This village's peace is at stake because of you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
491	<Blacksmith> Crespie		<Blacksmith> Crespie	100	I am so busy busy busy. Ascetics whose weapons are damaged during training always come to me. I'd rather if they handled their weapons more cautiously, you know. By the way, don't tell me you are here to have your weapons repaired as well? May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	Before you fix your weapons, you need to fix your conscience. How about taking care of yourself before you take care of your weapon? Of course, that doesn't mean that I won't fix your weapon.	100	I'm busy!	100	I'm busy!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
492	<Item Trader> Makaro		<Item Trader> Makaro	100	An excellent weapon finds its own master, but sometimes it needs a mediator. I consider it my calling to broker weapons to Ascetics, and it's especially worthwhile in a place like Ranfa, where weapons and armor come and go. Wait! A perfect weapon for you has just come to mind. Hold on just a moment. May the guidance of Great Mightthesis by with you......				100	You're not asking me to recommend weapons, are you? The right weapon for you... does not exist. Pick whatever you like. I'll make up the price along the way.	100	You're here to buy something that suits you? Then you're in the wrong place. There are no weapons here that suit someone like you.	100	You're here to buy something that suits you? Then you're in the wrong place. There are no weapons here that suit someone like you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
493	<Front Guard> Tauron		<Front Guard> Tauron	100	Greetings. I am Front Guard Tauron of Ranfa. Ranfa is a fairly small village compared to others around. But most ascetics obtain enlightenment here and experience evolution. I hope that you devote yourself to attain evolution as well, Ascetic. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	Greetings. I am Front Guard Tauron of Ranfa. Ranfa is a fairly small village compared to others around. But most ascetics obtain enlightenment here and experience evolution. I hope that you devote yourself to attain evolution as well, Ascetic. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Greetings. I am Front Guard Tauron of Ranfa. Ranfa is a fairly small village compared to others around. But most ascetics obtain enlightenment here and experience evolution. I hope that you devote yourself to attain evolution as well, Ascetic. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	Greetings. I am Front Guard Tauron of Ranfa. Ranfa is a fairly small village compared to others around. But most ascetics obtain enlightenment here and experience evolution. I hope that you devote yourself to attain evolution as well, Ascetic. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
494	<Merchant> Garban		<Merchant> Garban	100	Ranfa is small, but ascetics never stop seeking enlightenment here. I feel fulfilled to see, encourage, and support all who sit here and improve themselves day by day. May the wisdom of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.				100	You don't help the Ascetics who want to better themselves.... You're getting in their way! If you had an ounce of decency, you'd go to the Pardoner right away.	100	I don't have anything that you could buy!	100	I don't have anything that you could buy!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
495	<Weapons Merchant> Mobos		<Weapons Merchant> Mobos	100	I am being stifled. I am to be stuck in this small village forever. Our family has been operating as weapons merchants here in Ranfa from the time of my father's father, but it's so suffocating. I can't even leave Ranfa as the will of my forebears binds me here. Anyway, this is so unfair! May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	Big cities aren't all full of people like you, are they? Seeing you, it's the first time in my life that I want to thank my ancestors that I'm here safe and sound. If you want to buy something, buy it and then leave the village!	100	I feel queasy.... I'll take a walk.	100	I feel queasy.... I'll take a walk.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
496	<Ascetic> Jogeff		<Ascetic> Jogeff	100	Sigh¡¦Oh when will I be able to evolve? I've been in Ranfa for over one year, and I've grown tired of waiting. May the guidance of Great Mightthesis be with you.				100	Sigh¡¦Oh when will I be able to evolve? I've been in Ranfa for over one year, and I've grown tired of waiting. May the guidance of Great Mightthesis be with you.	100	Sigh¡¦Oh when will I be able to evolve? I've been in Ranfa for over one year, and I've grown tired of waiting. May the guidance of Great Mightthesis be with you.	100	Sigh¡¦Oh when will I be able to evolve? I've been in Ranfa for over one year, and I've grown tired of waiting. May the guidance of Great Mightthesis be with you.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
497	<Ascetic> Tenken		<Ascetic> Tenken	100	The evolution of the DragonScion is the supreme state achievable through training. Have you experienced evolution yet? Say no more if you haven't. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	The evolution of the DragonScion is the supreme state achievable through training. Have you experienced evolution yet? Say no more if you haven't. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	The evolution of the DragonScion is the supreme state achievable through training. Have you experienced evolution yet? Say no more if you haven't. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	The evolution of the DragonScion is the supreme state achievable through training. Have you experienced evolution yet? Say no more if you haven't. May the courage of Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
498	<Blacksmith> Chentai		<Blacksmith> Chentai	100	Welcome. I am Blacksmith Chentai of Tonfa. You may have noticed it yourself on the way here, but this village is little rough place to be. You should be careful not to get into any useless quarrels with other ascetics in the village. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	I heard the fighting doesn't stop, and it seems you're to blame. Still, you're running around killing people.... Tut tut... I can tell you're not listening. So leave if you're done here!	100	It'd be better if you'd leave here!	100	It'd be better if you'd leave here!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
499	<Merchant> Lugett		<Merchant> Lugett	100	I am Merchant Lugett. I was actually on my way to Stull, but was caught by the ascetics of Tonfa who kept me here for years since there is no other merchant in the village. Now I can't even flee as I'm afraid of the ascetics here. Every day is a torture to me. Phew, what am I going to do? May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	Ah... Argh... Only the Ascetics keeping me here are scarier than you. I have lots of things, but they're very highly priced.	100	Hmm.. Let's see.... The potions I got yesterday...	100	Hmm.. Let's see.... The potions I got yesterday...
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
500	<Ascetic> Launel		<Ascetic> Launel	100	The ascetics in Tonfa are such weaklings. You must train in an environment as harsh as Tonfa to qualify as a true ascetic. Understand? Novice!				100	The ascetics in Tonfa are such weaklings. You must train in an environment as harsh as Tonfa to qualify as a true ascetic. Understand? Novice!	100	The ascetics in Tonfa are such weaklings. You must train in an environment as harsh as Tonfa to qualify as a true ascetic. Understand? Novice!	100	The ascetics in Tonfa are such weaklings. You must train in an environment as harsh as Tonfa to qualify as a true ascetic. Understand? Novice!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
501	<Ascetic> Tolgis		<Ascetic> Tolgis	100	¡¦¡¦I seek only the powerful. The weak do not concern me.				100	¡¦¡¦I seek only the powerful. The weak do not concern me.	100	¡¦¡¦I seek only the powerful. The weak do not concern me.	100	¡¦¡¦I seek only the powerful. The weak do not concern me.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
502	<Stylist> Laoming		<Stylist> Laoming	100	I really think that DragonScion ascetics are just not interested enough in their own appearances. I can't understand it at all. It's a downright sin not to show off your beauty! Oh, I should have been born as a MoonElf, instead. This just won't do. I will have to relocate to Stull or something, as I can't stand this anymore! May the dignity of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.				100	I really think that DragonScion ascetics are just not interested enough in their own appearances. I can't understand it at all. It's a downright sin not to show off your beauty! Oh, I should have been born as a MoonElf, instead. This just won't do. I will have to relocate to Stull or something, as I can't stand this anymore! May the dignity of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.	100	I really think that DragonScion ascetics are just not interested enough in their own appearances. I can't understand it at all. It's a downright sin not to show off your beauty! Oh, I should have been born as a MoonElf, instead. This just won't do. I will have to relocate to Stull or something, as I can't stand this anymore! May the dignity of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.	100	I really think that DragonScion ascetics are just not interested enough in their own appearances. I can't understand it at all. It's a downright sin not to show off your beauty! Oh, I should have been born as a MoonElf, instead. This just won't do. I will have to relocate to Stull or something, as I can't stand this anymore! May the dignity of Mightthesis be with you always¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
503	<Safe Keeper> Feifei		<Safe Keeper> Feifei	100	Welcome. I am Safe Keeper Feifei of Halien. Don't be worried even when you leave the land of DragonScions. There are safe keepers in the villages of other races as well, so you can just use them. May the Great Mightthesis guide you¡¦¡¦.				100	You're not a welcome customer. Do you need anything from me? Well... You're not here to store items, are you?	100	Do you want anything from me? I'd appreciate it if you just kept on walking....	100	Do you want anything from me? I'd appreciate it if you just kept on walking....
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
504	<Siege Commander> Billian		<Siege Commander> Billian	100	It has been a while since an ascetic last visited. Do you wish to test your strength? Drayger Castle is not a place you can take lightly. But if you still want to capture the castle, then give it your best shot. If you are capable enough, that is.				100	It has been a while since an ascetic last visited. Do you wish to test your strength? Drayger Castle is not a place you can take lightly. But if you still want to capture the castle, then give it your best shot. If you are capable enough, that is.	100	It has been a while since an ascetic last visited. Do you wish to test your strength? Drayger Castle is not a place you can take lightly. But if you still want to capture the castle, then give it your best shot. If you are capable enough, that is.	100	It has been a while since an ascetic last visited. Do you wish to test your strength? Drayger Castle is not a place you can take lightly. But if you still want to capture the castle, then give it your best shot. If you are capable enough, that is.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
505	<Siege Merchant> Barbas		<Siege Merchant> Barbas	100	Nice to meet you. I am Siege Merchant Barbas. My job is to sell items needed for besieging and defending. Do have a look around. I'm sure you will find something that you need. It'll be too late when you regret later. Please prepare in advance.				100	Nice to meet you. I am Siege Merchant Barbas. My job is to sell items needed for besieging and defending. Do have a look around. I'm sure you will find something that you need. It'll be too late when you regret later. Please prepare in advance.	100	Nice to meet you. I am Siege Merchant Barbas. My job is to sell items needed for besieging and defending. Do have a look around. I'm sure you will find something that you need. It'll be too late when you regret later. Please prepare in advance.	100	Nice to meet you. I am Siege Merchant Barbas. My job is to sell items needed for besieging and defending. Do have a look around. I'm sure you will find something that you need. It'll be too late when you regret later. Please prepare in advance.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
506	<Guild Registrar> Raimei		<Guild Registrar> Raimei	100	I am Raimei the Guild Registrar of Halien. Even though the DragonScion race is quite strong, the tribe alone can't do everything. I know you started to sense that already. We can't imagine what Dikain and his allies are up to. Now is the time for us to show the DragonScion's united strength. Well, why don't you join our guild? May the glory of Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.				100	I am Raimei the Guild Registrar of Halien. Even though the DragonScion race is quite strong, the tribe alone can't do everything. I know you started to sense that already. We can't imagine what Dikain and his allies are up to. Now is the time for us to show the DragonScion's united strength. Well, why don't you join our guild? May the glory of Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am Raimei the Guild Registrar of Halien. Even though the DragonScion race is quite strong, the tribe alone can't do everything. I know you started to sense that already. We can't imagine what Dikain and his allies are up to. Now is the time for us to show the DragonScion's united strength. Well, why don't you join our guild? May the glory of Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.	100	I am Raimei the Guild Registrar of Halien. Even though the DragonScion race is quite strong, the tribe alone can't do everything. I know you started to sense that already. We can't imagine what Dikain and his allies are up to. Now is the time for us to show the DragonScion's united strength. Well, why don't you join our guild? May the glory of Great Mightthesis be with you¡¦¡¦.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
507	<Event NPC Ilurian>		<Event NPC Ilurian>	100	Good to see you! You arrived at the Event Village for the 4th anniversary of Archlord. I welcome you!				100	Good to see you! You arrived at the Event Village for the 4th anniversary of Archlord. I welcome you!	100	Good to see you! You arrived at the Event Village for the 4th anniversary of Archlord. I welcome you!	100	Good to see you! You arrived at the Event Village for the 4th anniversary of Archlord. I welcome you!
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
508	<Animal Breeder> Soyuz		<Animal Breeder> Soyuz	100	Hmm... Do you want to go a little faster?				100	Hmm... Do you want to go a little faster?	100	Hmm... Do you want to go a little faster?	100	Hmm... Do you want to go a little faster?
					You might not see what I'm doing here, but it'll definitely be of help to you. Pick one.					You might not see what I'm doing here, but it'll definitely be of help to you. Pick one.		You might not see what I'm doing here, but it'll definitely be of help to you. Pick one.		You might not see what I'm doing here, but it'll definitely be of help to you. Pick one.
					You can't see it yourself, but there's a dark energy around you, you know? This energy comes from Elementals to double the user's speed.					You can't see it yourself, but there's a dark energy around you, you know? This energy comes from Elementals to double the user's speed.		You can't see it yourself, but there's a dark energy around you, you know? This energy comes from Elementals to double the user's speed.		You can't see it yourself, but there's a dark energy around you, you know? This energy comes from Elementals to double the user's speed.
					These energies increase the users speed. But the longer you use them, the more the energy decreases. But don't worry. The blacksmiths in this village know the energy and will help you to get it back.					These energies increase the users speed. But the longer you use them, the more the energy decreases. But don't worry. The blacksmiths in this village know the energy and will help you to get it back.		These energies increase the users speed. But the longer you use them, the more the energy decreases. But don't worry. The blacksmiths in this village know the energy and will help you to get it back.		These energies increase the users speed. But the longer you use them, the more the energy decreases. But don't worry. The blacksmiths in this village know the energy and will help you to get it back.
-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
